Product ID: 1483
Product Name: Boardwalk Delight Eau de Parfum
Brand: SKYLAR
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $121.5
About: Fragrance Family:Warm & Spicy.Scent Type:Warm & Sweet Gourmands.Key Notes:Pure Vanilla, Cotton Candy, Coconut Milk..Fragrance Description:Boardwalk Delight is a sweet and warm gourmand scent that ushers in nostalgic memories with notes of cotton candy, vanilla, and coconut milk. Stroll down the sunny boardwalk with a treat in hand and wait for the joys of your youth to bubble up from within..About the Bottle:This bottle was created to mimic a cloud's organic shape in the sky. It represents the beauty of imperfection and celebration of each person's unique qualities. With its beautiful square design, it sits comfortably in the palm of your hand and elegantly on your vanity or tabletop..About the Fragrance:SKYLAR was founded by u2018mompreneuru2019 Cat Chen after her daughteru2019s allergic reaction to her perfume. SKYLAR fragrances are hypoallergenic, safe for sensitive skin, cruelty-free, vegan, and inspired by the natural landscapes of SKYLARu2019s hometown, Los Angeles.
Ingredients: Organic Sugar Cane Alcohol Denat., Parfum/fragrance, Agrumex, Ambrofix, Benzaldehyde, Bicyclo Nonalacto, Cosmone, Cyclamen Aldehyde, Damascone Alpha, Dihydro Myrcenol, Dimethyl Benzyl Carbinyl Butyrate, Dipropylene Glycol, Ethyl Alcohol. Ethyl Linalool, Ethyl Maltol, Ethyl Methyl-2-Butyrate, Ethyl Vanillin, Florocyclene, Florosa, Habanolide, Hedione, Heliotropine, Helvetolide, Hexenol-3-Cis, Homofuronol, Jasmacyclene, Lemonile, Maltol, Octalactone Gamma, Osyrol, Phenoxy Ethyl Isobutyrate, Raspberry Ketone, Serenolide, Triethyl Citrate, Vanillin, Vanillin Isobutyrate, Velvione,  Aqua/Water/Eau......The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Apply your fragrance to major pulse points such as your wrists, neck, and below the ears. .-Be sure to tap your wrists together (donu2019t rub) to help make the scent last longer..-Layer multiple SKYLAR fragrances together to create different possibilities and give your fragrance maximum impact...Recycling Instructions:.-This box, bottle, and cap are fully recyclable. .-When the bottle is empty, remove cap and pump and wash thoroughly. .-Recycle the bottle and cap and place pump in the trash.
Rating: 4.3 stars
Number of Reviews: 589
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/boardwalk-delight-eau-de-parfum-P506191?skuId=2636488&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2636488-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.7 oz / 50 ml eau de parfum spray
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2636488-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465