Product ID: 97
Product Name: Beautyblender nude
Brand: Beautyblender
Categories: Makeup, Brushes & Applicators, Sponges & Applicators
Price: $27.0
About: What it is:.An edgeless, reusable, high-definition cosmetic sponge applicator in a neutral shade...What it does:.The unique, edgeless shape and exclusive material, available only with Beautyblenderu2014now available in a neutral, nude-toned hueu2014ensures an impeccable, streak-free application with minimal product waste. Beautyblender nude was created to celebrate flawless, natural-looking skin. This sponge is the perfect choice for applying complexion-colored base makeup like foundation and concealer...What else you need to know:.The aqua-activated sponge grows to about twice its size and absorbs minimal product, so your favorite formula lands on your complexion, not your sponge. When wet, the super-soft material provides an even, smooth blend and bounce. The large, rounded surface area ensures a quick application while the contoured tip offers precision...Beautyblender has chosen to use non-toxic, water-soluble dyes. For this reason, your Beautyblender may shed dye for the first couple of washesu2014similar to a pair of blue jeans. Once you squeeze the water out of the Beautyblender, the excess dye is removed as well. The dye does not transfer to the skin...This product is hand-finished in the USA.
Ingredients: Non-latex foam.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Wet Beautyblender with water for each use..-Squeeze out excess liquid, using a towel if necessary..-Bounce powder or liquid foundation, BB cream, or cover-up for a flawless finish. .-Use the rounded end for large surface application and the contoured tip for more precision...How to care:.-Cleanse* after each use to help maintain the integrity of the blender's exclusive material. .-Replace every three months for the best bounce. ..*For best results, Beautyblender recommends using their blendercleanser to cleanse.
Rating: 4.4 stars
Number of Reviews: 1554
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/beautyblender-nude-P405602?skuId=2275790&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2275790-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 