Product ID: 513
Product Name: KP Bump Eraser Body Scrub with 10% AHA u2013 Body Exfoliant for Keratosis Pilaris
Brand: First Aid Beauty
Categories: Bath & Body, Bath & Shower, Scrub & Exfoliants
Price: $40.5
About: What it is:  A body scrub that sweeps away dry, rough bumps associated with KP & strawberry skin to reveal healthier looking skin that feels exceptionally smooth...Skin Type: Normal, Dry, and Combination..Skincare Concerns: Dryness, Pores, and Dullness and Uneven Texture..Formulation: Scrub..Highlighted Ingredients:.- Pumice Buffing Beads: Exfoliate particles to remove dead cells..- Glycolic and Lactic Acids: Exfoliate to help skin appear bright..- Bisabolol: Soothes skin...Ingredient Callouts: This product is vegan, cruelty-free, and gluten-free, and comes in recyclable packaging...What Else You Need to Know: Safe for sensitive skin, this fast-acting body scrub uses Glycolic & Lactic acids, at a combined level of 10% AHAs, to help resurface skinu2019s top layer + Pumice to physically exfoliate, helping improve skinu2019s texture and smooth away bumps, roughness, and scaly areas, also known as chicken skin + buttne...Clinical Results:  In a consumer perception test with 38 participants, after 10 days:.- 92% of panelists with KP reported that this product made their skin feel exceptionally smooth..- 95% of panelists with KP reported that this product made their skin feel softer than it had ever been..-  95% reported it got rid of dry, flakey skin
Ingredients: -Pumice Buffing Beads: Exfoliate particles to remove dead cells. .-Glycolic and Lactic Acids: Exfoliate to help skin appear bright..-Bisabolol: Soothes skin...Pumice, Water, Glycolic Acid, Sodium Cocoyl Isethionate, Lactic Acid, Dimethicone, Stearic Acid, Cetearyl Alcohol, Sodium Hydroxide, Palmitic Acid, Glycerin, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Sorbitol, Colloidal Oatmeal, Tocopherol, Chrysanthemum Parthenium (Feverfew) Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Salix Nigra (Willow) Bark Extract, Bisabolol, Hydrogenated Coconut Acid, Xanthan Gum, Steareth-20, Steareth-21, Myristic Acid, Sodium Isethionate, Phenoxyethanol, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, Leuconostoc/Radish Root Ferment Filtrate, EDTA.
How to Use: Suggested Usage: .-Use one to two times a week as tolerated. .-Apply onto wet skin and gently massage with fingertips onto problem areas. .-Rinse and pat dry. .-Follow with moisturizer. .. Precautions:.-Avoid contact with eyes. If contact occurs, rinse well with water. .-If irritation persists, discontinue use and consult a physician..-Not intended for facial use. .-Use only as directed..-Keep out of reach of children. .-Anyone can use this product. A patch test is recommended for those with sensitive skin..-This product contains glycolic and lactic acids that may increase your skinu2019s sensitivity to the sun and particularly the possibility of sunburn. Use sunscreen, wear protective clothing, and limit sun exposure while using this product and for a week afterwards.
Rating: 4.4 stars
Number of Reviews: 2180
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/kp-bump-eraser-body-scrub-with-10-aha-P444989?skuId=2233245&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2233245-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 