Product ID: 919
Product Name: Absolut Repair 10-In-1 Hair Oil for Dry Hair
Brand: L'Oru00e9al Professionnel
Categories: Hair, Hair Styling & Treatments, Hair Oil
Price: $47.5
About: What it is:A lightweight, multi-use hair oil blended with gold quinoa and proteins that provides 10 treatment, styling, and protection benefits in one bottle..Hair Texture:Straight, Wavy, Curly, and Coily.Hair Type:Fine, Medium, and Thick.Hair Concerns:- Dryness.Key Benefits:- Infused with quinoa and proteins to hydrate dry, damaged hair.Highlighted Ingredients:- Gold Quinoa: A complex blend of amino acids to repair, hydrate, and protect against external aggressors..What Else You Need to Know:This multi-purpose hair oil provides 10 restorative benefits in one: hydrates, restores the hair fiber, softens, smooths, easily detangles, protects against heat and pollutants, eases blow-drying, conditions, adds shine, and leaves hair with a lightweight feel. Use to treat the hair before the cutting, as a primer before blow-drying, or as a styling agent when touching up in between styles..Fragrance Description:A sensorial fragrance blended with top notes of bergamot and mandarin, middle notes of mimosa, freesia, and peony, and base notes of white musk.
Ingredients: -Gold Quinoa: A complex blend of amino acids to repair, hydrate, and protect against external aggressors. .-Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein: A vegetable protein that seals the hair cuticle to add hydration. ..Aqua / Water , Cera Alba / Beeswax , Dimethicone , Isopropyl Myristate , Phenoxyethanol , Hydroxypropyl Guar , Peg-40 Hydrogenated Castor Oil , Triethanolamine , Hydroxyethylcellulose , Caprylyl Glycol , Dimethiconol , Peg-30 Glyceryl Stearate , Hydrogenated Styrene/Butadiene Copolymer , Ethylhexylglycerin , Acrylates/C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer , Hexyl Cinnamal , Linalool , Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate , Citronellol , Geraniol , Benzyl Alcohol , Limonene , Hydroxycitronellal , Benzyl Salicylate , Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone , Peg-30 Dipolyhydroxystearate , Trideceth-6 , Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein , Citral , Hydrolyzed Corn Protein , Hydrolyzed Soy Protein , Tocopherol , Parfum / Fragrance.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-For fine to medium hair types, use one to two pumps.   .-For medium to thick hair types, use two to four pumps. .-Warm oil in your palms. .-Spread evenly in hair through lengths and ends..-Do not rinse. .-Style as usual...Recycling Instructions:.-Remove pump and dispose into its proper container..-Thoroughly rinse out any remaining product inside bottle, then dry. .-Place bottle in your recycling bin.
Rating: 4.6 stars
Number of Reviews: 127
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/absolut-repair-10-in-1-hair-oil-for-damaged-hair-P507521?skuId=2717494&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2717494-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 3 oz / 90 ml
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2717494-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465