Product ID: 934
Product Name: Teint Idole Ultra 24H Long Wear Matte Foundation with Hyaluronic Acid & Vitamin E
Brand: Lancu00f4me
Categories: Makeup, Face, Foundation
Price: $77.0
About: What it is: A full coverage, natural matte foundation that lasts up to 24 hours and delivers waterproof, sweat, humidity and transfer-resistant wear...Coverage: Full..Finish: Matte..Formulation: Liquid..Ingredient Callouts: Free of mineral oil and contains less than one percent synthetic fragrance...What Else You Need to Know: This liquid foundation has a breathable formula with hyaluronic acid, vitamin E, moringa seed extracts and prebiotics. Chromium Oxide Green pigments were added to create shades for olive skin tones that arenu2019t too yellow or orange, and Ultra Marine Blue pigments create deep shades without gray cast...Clinical Results: In a study of 193 participants:.- 97% liked the new formula.- 90% liked the original formula
Ingredients: Water, Dimethicone, Isododecane, Alcohol Denat., Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Butyleneglycol, Peg-10 Dimethicone, Perlite, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Moringa Oleifera Seed Extract, Polymnia Sonchifolia Root Juice, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Glycerin, Dipentaerythrityl Tetrahydroxystearate/ Tetraisostearate, Alpha-Glucan Oligosaccharide, Sodium Hyaluronate, Silica, Silica Silylate, Hdi/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Cellulose, Aluminum Hydroxide, Magnesium Sulfate, Nylon-12, Disodium Phosphate, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Isopropyl Lauroyl Sarcosinate, Hydrogen Dimethicone, Citric Acid, Diisopropyl Sebacate, Bis-Peg/Ppg-14/14 Dimethicone, Lactobacillus, Maltodextrin, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Bht, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol; May Contain: Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.How to Apply: .- Step 1: Shade match! Shade numbers have changed with this reformulation. Take a look at the conversion chart to easily find your new shade! .- Step 2: Prep your skin with Advanced Genifique Radiance Boosting Face Serum for added hydration. .- Step 3: For long-wear and a smoother canvas, apply oil-free La Base Pro Perfecting and Smoothing Makeup Primer. .-Step 4: Apply the foundation with your favorite tool. Apply with a foundation brush for maximum coverage and a flawless result. Apply with a damp sponge for medium-to-full coverage and a dewy makeup look. Apply with fingers for the lightest application and a no makeup makeup look .....Pro tip:.For a radiant foundation finish, mix a drop of Advanced Genifique Radiance Boosting Face Serum or your favorite moisturizer with your foundation before applying. .....Diving Deeper Into Foundation Color Match:.Find your undertone.-Cool: Bare skin usually burns easily in the sun. Veins appear blue. .-Neutral: Bare skin has combination of both cool and warm undertones. Veins appear a mix of green and blue. .-Warm: Bare skin appears golden/yellow and tans easily in the sun. Olive skin can sometimes skew warm as well for those with a slightly more gold hue. Veins appear green.
Rating: 4.5 stars
Number of Reviews: 4206
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/teint-idole-ultra-24h-long-wear-foundation-P308201?skuId=2668200&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2668200-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 