Product ID: 991
Product Name: Full Dry Volume and Texture Spray
Brand: Living Proof
Categories: Hair, Hair Styling & Treatments, Hair Styling Products
Price: $49.0
About: What it is:A versatile spray that turns up the volume or texture on different styles for an imperfectly perfect, lived-in look and feel..Hair Type:Straight, Wavy, and Curly.Hair Texture:Fine, Medium, and Thick.Hair Concerns:- Heat Protection.Key Benefits:- Instant, revivable, and long-lasting volume and texture.Highlighted Ingredients:- Volumizing + Texturizing Molecule: Delivers long-lasting volume and texture that wonu2019t weigh down hair..Ingredient Callouts:Free of parabens, formaldehydes, formaldehyde-releasing agents, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, sulfates SLS & SLES, triclocarban, triclosan, and contains less than one percent synthetic fragrance. It is also vegan, gluten-free, cruelty-free, and comes in recyclable packaging..What Else You Need to Know:This finishing styler is scientifically engineered to dial up any look and give hair immediate and long-lasting volume, texture, and soft hold in just a few sprays. It is formulated with Living Proof's patented Volumizing + Texturizing Molecule, which is lighter than industry-standard ingredients and increases the space between individual hair fibers for long-lasting volume and texture that wonu2019t weigh down hair. The spray instantly transforms fine, flat, or thin hair while adding major volume, coveted texture, and buildable hold with a lived-in look and feel.
Ingredients: -Volumizing + Texturizing Molecule: Delivers long-lasting volume and texture that wonu2019t weigh down hair. .-Blend of Microporous Minerals and Enzymatically Modified Starches: Gives hair lived-in texture and lightly absorbs oil..-Hydrophobic Resins: Provide an instant, buildable, and soft hold that lastsu2014even in high humidity...Hydrofluorocarbon 152a, Alcohol Denat., VP/VA Copolymer, VA/Crotonates/Vinyl Neodecanoate Copolymer, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Water/Aqua/Eau, Cyclodextrin, Zeolite, Fragrance (Parfum), Ethylcellulose, Propylene Glycol Dibenzoate, Aminomethyl Propanol, Ammonium Glycyrrhizate, Linalool, Citronellol, Citral, Limonene...The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Before each spray, shake can well. .-Hold can six to 10 inches away from dry hair. .-Lift a section of hair and apply root to tip. .-Tousle hair with your fingers. .-Repeat until desired style is achieved, shake can between each spray. .-Spray on finished styles for extra texture and hold. .-Tips and tricks: Tip head sideways or upside down and spray product in small bursts throughout lengths for more texture... Recycling Instructions:.-This product is recyclable through TerraCycle.
Rating: 4.3 stars
Number of Reviews: 490
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/living-proof-full-dry-volume-texture-spray-P480615?skuId=2556959&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2556959-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 7.5 oz/ 238 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2556959-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465