Product ID: 751
Product Name: Express Self-Tanning Mousse
Brand: Isle of Paradise
Categories: Skincare, Self Tanners, For Body
Price: $46.0
About: What it is:A lightweight, self-tanning express mousse with color guide that develops in as little as 30 minutes..Skin Type:Normal, Dry, Combination, and Oily.Skincare Concerns:Redness and Dullness.Formulation:Mousse.Highlighted Ingredients:- Hyaluronic Acid: A powerhouse hydrator that makes your tan last longer..Ingredient Callouts:This product is vegan..What Else You Need to Know:Say hello to a sun-kissed glow in just 30 minutes. The lightweight formula contains guide color for easy application and dries in seconds. Packed with Isle of Paradiseu2019s color-correcting active you already know and love, plus hydration heroes hyaluronic acid, glycerin, and vitamin B5..Clean at SephoraOur commitment to offering formulas that go beyond regulatory standards to avoid controversial ingredients without sacrificing effectiveness.
Ingredients: -Hyaluronic Acid: A powerhouse hydrator that makes your tan last longer. .-Glycerin: A moisture booster that locks in hydration. .-Vitamin B5: An unsung hero of hydration that helps keep the skin barrier healthy...Aqua (Water), Dihydroxyacetone, Caramel, Propylene Glycol, Glycerin, PEG-40 Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Ethoxydiglycol, Dimethyl Isosorbide, Pentylene Glycol, Decyl Glucoside, Sodium Hyaluronate, Salvia Hispanica (Chia) Seed Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Hyaluronic Acid, Panthenol, Agave Tequilana Leaf Extract, Melanin, Salvia Officinalis (Sage) Oil, Mentha Piperita (Peppermint) Oil, Eucalyptus Globulus Leaf Oil, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Peel Oil, Erythrulose, Aloe Barbadensis Extract, Citrus Paradisi (Grapefruit) Peel Oil, Ascorbic Acid, Tropaeolum Majus Flower/Leaf/Stem Extract, Agastache Mexicana Flower/Leaf/Stem Extract, Propanediol, Methoxyphenyl t-Butylphenyl Propanediol, Glycereth-26, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Parfum (Fragrance), Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Triethylene Glycol, Benzoic Acid, Dehydroacetic Acid, CI 16035 (Red 40)...The list of ingredients is subject to change. Please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Exfoliate 24 hours before tanning. .-Moisturize dry areas such as hands, feet, knees, ankles, and elbows prior to application..-Pump product onto mitt and apply in sweeping motions. .-Leave hands and feet until last, sweeping lightly over. .-Wash off after 30 minutes or leave on longer for a deeper tan..-Your tan will then continue to develop for four to six hours, reaching your desired level of bronze in the final hour.
Rating: 3.0 stars
Number of Reviews: 1
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/isle-paradise-express-self-tanning-mousse-P511742?skuId=2763100&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2763100-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: OUT OF STOCK
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2763100-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465