Product ID: 873
Product Name: Moonlight in Heaven
Brand: KILIAN Paris
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $385.0
About: Fragrance Family: Fresh..Scent Type: Fresh Citrus & Fruits..Key Notes: Grapefruit, Mango, Roasted Tonka Beans..Fragrance Description: The fresh perfume of tasty mango and the fresh scent of powdered sambac jasmine are mixed with coconut milk and rice all wrapped in tonka bean and the delicacy of vetiver. Both unique and familiar, this fresh perfume with an exotic fragrance pushes you to open the doors of paradise...About the Bottle:  The bottle of this fresh perfume can be refilled indefinitely, because as Kilian himself says, True luxury should last forever. This bottle is adorned with a distinctive Klein-blue lacquer and meticulously engraved on each side with the representation of the Achilles' shield. Like Kilian Hennessy says, In perfumery, it is as much about seduction as it is about protection...About the Fragrance: Inspired by a tropical vacation to Thailand, Kilian discovered sticky mango rice pudding and decided to recreate the experience with this bright and exotic fragrance. The scent brings feelings of freshness, lightness, and serenity.
Ingredients: Alcohol Denat., Fragrance (Parfum), Aqua/Water/Eau, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Ethylhexyl Salicylate, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Benzyl Salicylate, Limonene, Linalool, Hydroxycitronellal, Citronellol, Coumarin, Farnesol, Isoeugenol, Eugenol, Citral, Geraniol, Benzyl Alcohol, Benzyl Benzoate, Cinnamal, BHT, Tocopherol. ..Please be aware that ingredient lists may change or vary from time to time. Please refer to the ingredient list on the product package you receive for the most up to date list of ingredients.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Fragrance is intensified by the warmth of your own body. Apply in the creases of your knees and elbows for a longer-lasting, stronger scent.&nbsp;.-After applying, avoid rubbing or dabbing skin. This breaks down the fragrance, causing it to wear off more quickly.&nbsp;.-If you prefer placing fragrance on your wrists, be sure to reapply after frequent hand-washing, as this tends to rinse off the scent.&nbsp;.-Replace fragrance after 12 months. Expired perfumes more than a year old lose the integrity of the original scent... Eau de Toilette or Eau de Parfum?: .The difference lies in the volume of perfume oil. While EDT contains five to nine percent, EDP contains more, usually eight to 14 percent. EDPs, therefore, last longer and smell more intense.
Rating: 3.3 stars
Number of Reviews: 28
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/moonlight-in-heaven-P429623?skuId=2320117&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2320117-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.7 oz/ 50 mL Eau de Parfum Spray
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2320117-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465