Product ID: 1682
Product Name: GRO+ Advanced Hair Serum for Severe Signs of Thinning
Brand: Vegamour
Categories: Hair, Hair Styling & Treatments, Hair Oil
Price: $106.0
About: What it is: A dermatologist co-developed hair serum that visibly improves hair density, addresses shedding, and hydrates the scalp to support the skin barrier...Hair Texture: Straight, Wavy, Curly, and Coily..Hair Type: Fine, Medium, and Thick..Hair Concerns:- Thinning.- Flaky, Dry Scalp..Key Benefits: - Visibly improves hair density.- Promotes a balanced scalp.- Strengthens from the root..Highlighted Ingredients:- GROActive+ Complex: A patent-pending, AI-discovered, plant-based compound to address shedding..- Spanish Microalgae: A prebiotic scalp superfood that hydrates to support the skin barrier..- Plant Stem Cells: Rich in proteins to anchor strands at the root...Ingredient Callouts: This product is vegan, gluten-free, and cruelty-free...What Else You Need to Know: Formulated for those with severe shedding, this hair serum is powered by Vegamouru2019s patent-pending GROActive+ Complex, an innovation that is helping to redefine what a plant-based formula can achieve. The compound features an AI-selected blend of antioxidant-rich Rhapontic Rhubarb Root and Japanese BeautyBerry Extract that work synergistically to visibly improve hair density. It's also formulated with Spanish microalgae, a prebiotic superfood that hydrates to rebalance the scalp environment, and plant stem cells which anchor hair follicles from the root...Fragrance Description: This product is formulated without fragrance..Clinical Results: In a 120-day clinical study of 40 participants using GRO+ Advanced Hair Serum once daily:.- 93% had a clinically measured increase in hair density.- Results showed an up to 87% reduction in hair loss due to breakage from washing and combing..In a 120-day consumer study of 40 participants using GRO+ Advanced Serum once daily:.- 98% saw less shedding..Clean at SephoraOur commitment to offering formulas that go beyond regulatory standards to avoid controversial ingredients without sacrificing effectiveness.
Ingredients: -GROActive+ Complex: A patent-pending, AI-discovered, plant-based compound to address shedding. .-Spanish Microalgae: A prebiotic scalp superfood that hydrates to support the skin barrier. .-Plant Stem Cells: Rich in proteins to anchor strands at the root. ..Water/Aqua/Eau, Butylene Glycol, Alcohol Denat., Propanediol, Curcuma Longa (Turmeric) Root Extract, (Trifolium Pratense (Clover)/Vigna Radiata) Sprout Extract, Biotinoyl Tripeptide-1, Rheum Rhaponticum Root Extract, Acetyl Tetrapeptide-3, Callicarpa Japonica Fruit Extract, Chlorella Vulgaris Extract, Olea Europaea (Olive) Leaf Extract, Caffeine, Tocopherol, Glycerin, Pentylene Glycol, Hydroxypropyl Cyclodextrin, Lecithin, Sodium Phytate, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Sodium Starch Octenylsuccinate, Alcohol, Cyclodextrin, Citric Acid, Phytic Acid, Lactic Acid, Cyamopsis Tetragonoloba (Guar) Gum, Xanthan Gum...The list of ingredients is subject to change. Please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Apply a dropperful to scalp daily. .-Massage in. .-Use on wet or dry hair. .-Do not rinse. .-For best results, use after Vegamouru2019s GRO+ Advanced Dermaroller (sold separately).
Rating: 4.7 stars
Number of Reviews: 281
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/vegamour-gro-advanced-hair-serum-for-severe-signs-thinning-P512485?skuId=2797926&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2797926-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1 fl oz / 30 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2797926-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465