Product ID: 281
Product Name: Reserve - Sueded Oud
Brand: CLEAN RESERVE
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $134.0
About: Fragrance Family:Warm & Spicy.Scent Type:Woody Spices.Key Notes:Oud, Bushman Candle, Skin Musk.Fragrance Description:This unisex perfume is the culmination of smokey darkness contrasted by an airy lightness. The intoxicating dark appeal of oud softened by whispers of light florals and an underlying creamy sweetness creates an exotic fragrance experience that is confident but never overpowering..About the Bottle:CLEAN RESERVE cares about the health of the planet. Working with vendors who use green manufacturing processes and minimizing the amount of waste produced by the packaging is of paramount importance. The cap is made of sustainable wood from Spain. The corn-derived cellophane is biodegradable and compostable..About the Fragrance:Sueded Oud is made with sustainable Bushman’s Candle from Namibia. Using Bushman’s Candle supports the nomadic Himba tribe’s economic development and preservation of their traditional way of life. It is crafted with the people and planet in mind and is always cruelty-free, vegan, gluten-free and phthalate-free.
Ingredients: Alcohol Denat., Fragrance, Water, Glycerin, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Phenoxyethanol, Limonene, Citronellol, Linalool, Eugenol...The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Fragrance is intensified by the warmth of your own body. Apply in the creases of your knees and elbows for a longer-lasting, stronger scent.&nbsp;.-After applying, avoid rubbing or dabbing skin. This breaks down the fragrance, causing it to wear off more quickly.&nbsp;.-If you prefer placing fragrance on your wrists, be sure to reapply after frequent hand-washing, as this tends to rinse off the scent.&nbsp;.-Replace fragrance after 12 months. Expired perfumes more than a year old lose the integrity of the original scent... Eau de Toilette or Eau de Parfum?: .The difference lies in the volume of perfume oil. While EDT contains five to nine percent, EDP contains more, usually eight to 14 percent. EDPs, therefore, last longer and smell more intense.
Rating: 4.2 stars
Number of Reviews: 127
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/reserve-sueded-oud-P404302?skuId=1768449&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1768449-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 3.4 oz/ 101 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1768449-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465