Product ID: 1001
Product Name: Moondance Eau de Parfum
Brand: LoveShackFancy
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $175.0
About: Fragrance Family: Florals..Scent Type: Warm Florals..Key Notes: Velvet Rose, Magnolia, Sandalwood..Fragrance Description: This richly warm-floral fragrance exudes elegance with an edge, like a night filled with sophistication and an air of mystery. It opens with masses of velvet rose centifolia coupled with pink rhubarb. Earthy oakmoss and dreamy sandalwood extend the overflowing bouquet all night long...About the Bottle: An oversized bow, perfectly imperfect. The LoveShackFancy perfume bottle references founder Rebecca Hessel Cohenu2019s lifelong love of ribbons with a sculptural bow top that appears tied and tightened by hand. The ivory and pink Ribbon Rosa Flora print is a signature design chosen from over 2,000 in the LoveShackFancy print and lace library to decorate the bottle itself, a softly curved antique-inspired vessel carved with scalloping on top and a ring of rope on the bottom. Once finished, its spray top is removable so the bottle can be upcycled as a bud vase...About the Fragrance: A heart thatu2019s as big as it is wild. Last to leave the dance floor. Moondance is an indulgent velvet rose with ethereal and dreamy sandalwood, and whispers of magnolia. Forever fancy with a joie de vivre that makes every moment unforgettable. Created with love and a lively, romantic spirit by perfumer Frank Voelkl....CLEAN at Sephora is our commitment to offering formulas that go beyond regulatory standards to avoid controversial ingredients without sacrificing on effectiveness.
Ingredients: Alcohol Denat., Fragrance (Parfum), Water (Aqua/Eau), Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Tetrahydroxypropyl Ethylenediamine, Citric Acid, Citral, Citronellol, Coumarin, Eugenol, Farnesol, Geraniol, Hydroxycitronellal, Limonene, Linalool...The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-The spirit of LoveShackFancy is apparent upon firstu2014and second and thirdu2014whiff..-Apply on pulse points to wrists, neck, and behind the ears..-After applying, avoid rubbing or dabbing skin..-This breaks down the fragrance, causing it to wear off more quickly.
Rating: 4.6 stars
Number of Reviews: 238
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/moondance-eau-de-parfum-P507889?skuId=2708097&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2708097-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 2.5 oz / 75 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2708097-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465