Product ID: 168
Product Name: Mini Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil Long Last Hydrating Styling Cream
Brand: Bumble and bumble
Categories: Hair, Hair Styling & Treatments, Hair Styling Products
Price: $22.0
About: What it is:A lightweight styler that gives up to three days of style retention through six times more hydration, five times more frizz reduction, and high humidity protection..Hair Texture:Straight and Wavy.Hair Type:Medium and Thick.Hair Concerns:- Damage, Split Ends, and Breakage.Key Benefits:- Provides hydration.Highlighted Ingredients:- Featherlight 6-Oil Blend: Conditions, hydrates, nourishes, softens, and smooths..Ingredient Callouts:Free of parabens and phthalates. It is also cruelty-free..What Else You Need to Know:This styler offers flexible hold with a featherlight six-oil blend and Nangai oil. It also prevents the formation of split ends by two times versus untreated hair and protects from heat tools up to 450 degrees Fahrenheit or 232 degrees Celsius..Fragrance Description:The top notes include Seckel pear, frangipani, and coco plum. The middle notes include Tahitian Tiare, hibiscus, and golden honey. Tonka bean, white palm wood, and creamy musk are at the base...Clinical Results:In a 3-day style retention test versus untreated hair, results showed:
Ingredients: -Featherlight 6-Oil Blend: Conditions, hydrates, nourishes, softens, and smooths. .-Nangai Oil: Offers frizz reduction. ..WaterAquaEau, Glycerin, Dicaprylyl Ether, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Brassicamidopropyl Dimethylamine, Glyceryl Stearate, Behenyl Alcohol, Canarium Indicum Seed Oil, Gardenia Tahitensis (Tiare) Flower Extract, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Oil, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Macadamia Integrifolia Seed Oil, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Bran Extract, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Extract, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract, Tocopherol, Glyceryl Behenate/Eicosadioate, Caesalpinia Spinosa Gum, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Lactic Acid, Sodium Citrate, Arginine, Polyester-39, Fragrance (Parfum), Benzyl Alcohol, Linalool, Hexyl Cinnamal, Limonene, Coumarin, Potassium Sorbate...Please be aware that ingredient lists may change or vary from time to time. Please refer to the ingredient list on the product package you receive for the most up-to-date list of ingredients.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Apply to damp hair. .-Style as desired.  ..From the Pros:.-A little goes a long way. Start small and build until you find what you like. .-This styling cream makes a great companion to Bumble and bumble’s Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil Heat/UV Protective Primer (sold separately), a leave-in conditioner that detangles and hydrates.
Rating: 4.8 stars
Number of Reviews: 434
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/bumble-bumble-mini-long-last-hydrating-hair-styling-cream-P512261?skuId=2791192&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2791192-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 2 oz / 60 ml
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2791192-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465