Product ID: 1005
Product Name: Bohème Eau de Parfum
Brand: LoveShackFancy
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $175.0
About: Fragrance Family: Florals..Scent Type: Classic Florals..Key Notes: Blackcurrant, Peony, White Amber..Fragrance Description: This classic and clean, skin-loving floral is a charming and innately cool bouquet with an abundance of peonies and a blush of blackcurrant. The notes of spherical blooms are joined by touches of white flowers including tuberose, rose, and jasmine, while soft white amber and sandalwood offer a smooth and soft finish...About the Bottle: An oversized bow, perfectly imperfect. The LoveShackFancy perfume bottle references founder Rebecca Hessel Cohen’s lifelong love of ribbons with a sculptural bow top that appears tied and tightened by hand. The sky blue and white Ever-Blooming Rosette print is a signature design chosen from over 2,000 in the LoveShackFancy print and lace library to decorate the bottle itself, a softly curved antique-inspired vessel carved with scalloping on top and a ring of rope on the bottom. Once finished, its spray top is removable so the bottle can be upcycled as a bud vase...About the Fragrance: Naturally cool with an undeniable charm. Bohème is a spirited floral that captures a peony in full bloom, laced with blackcurrant and soft white amber. A forever romantic, endlessly in pursuit of wanderlust. Created with love and an intriguing, light warmth by perfumer Yves Cassar....CLEAN at Sephora is our commitment to offering formulas that go beyond regulatory standards to avoid controversial ingredients without sacrificing on effectiveness.
Ingredients: Alcohol Denat., Fragrance (Parfum), Water (Aqua/Eau), Benzyl Benzoate, Benzyl Salicylate, Citral, Citronellol, Eugenol, Geraniol, Hydroxycitronellal, Isoeugenol, Limonene, Linalool.....The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-The spirit of LoveShackFancy is apparent upon first—and second and third—whiff..-Apply on pulse points to wrists, neck, and behind the ears..-After applying, avoid rubbing or dabbing skin..-This breaks down the fragrance, causing it to wear off more quickly.
Rating: 4.6 stars
Number of Reviews: 229
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/boheme-eau-de-parfum-P507887?skuId=2708089&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2708089-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 2.5 oz / 75 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2708089-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465