Product ID: 166
Product Name: Hairdresseru2019s Invisible Oil Heat Protectant Leave In Conditioner Primer
Brand: Bumble and bumble
Categories: Hair, Hair Styling & Treatments, Hair Primers
Price: $46.0
About: What it is: Multitasking leave-in conditioner spray delivers 86% more hydration + instantly cuts frizz by 50% vs. untreated hair...Hair Type: Fine, Medium, and Thick..Hair Texture: Straight, Wavy, and Curly..Hair Concerns:.- Frizz.- Dryness.- Heat Protection..Key Benefits:.- All-day frizz reduction.- Detangles, smoothes, and softens.- Protects from Heat + UV..Highlighted Ingredients:.- Signature 6-Oil Blend: Provides conditioning, moisture, nourishment, softening, and smoothing..- UV Filters: Protects from the drying effects of the sun...Ingredient Callouts: Free of parabens, formaldehydes, phthalates, mineral oil, and sulfates SLS & SLES. It is also cruelty-free...What Else You Need to Know: This multitasking leave-in treatment is our #1 best seller. Itu2019s a heat protectant up to 450u00b0F/232u00b0C, has UV Filters to protect hair against the drying effects of the sun, helps protect color from fading up to 16 washes, detangles to help protect against breakage, smoothes, softens, + adds shine...Fragrance Description:u00a0This is a luxe yet light scent of fruit and tropical florals, anchored with rich musk and woodsy notes...Clinical Results: In a frizz study, Hairdresseru2019s Invisible Oil Heat & UV Protective Primer was found to provide:.- 55% reduction in frizz instantly.- 51% reduction in frizz at the 8-hour time point.- Provides frizz reduction even in extreme humidity..In a consumer study on 180 women after one use of Hairdresser's Invisible Oil Heat & UV Protective Primer:.- 98% say hair feels hydrated.- 96% say hair looks healthier.- 95% say hair's easier to style...This product is an Allure Best of Beauty award winner.
Ingredients: -Signature 6-Oil Blend: Provides conditioning, moisture, nourishment, softening, and smoothing. .-UV Filters: Protects from the drying effects of the sun. ..WaterAquaEau, Cetearyl Alcohol, Butylene Glycol, PEG-12 Glyceryl Dimyristate, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Oil, Macadamia Integrifolia Seed Oil, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Gardenia Taitensis Flower Extract, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil, Hydroxypropyltrimonium Hydrolyzed Corn Starch, Hydrolyzed Vegetable Protein PG-Propyl Silanetriol, Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein PG-Propyl Silanetriol, Dimethicone, Glycerin, Sodium Hyaluronate, Behentrimonium Methosulfate, Distearyldimonium Chloride, Dimethiconol, Cetrimonium Chloride, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Sodium Chloride, Citric Acid, BHT, Fragrance (Parfum), Hexyl Cinnamal, Linalool, Limonene, Potassium Sorbate, Phenoxyethanol. The Signature 6-Oil Blend Includes: Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Argania Spinosa Kernel (Argan) Oil, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil, Macadamia Integrifolia Seed (Macadamia) Oil, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Oil, and Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil...Please be aware that ingredient lists may change or vary from time to time. Please refer to the ingredient list on the product package you receive for the most up to date list of ingredients.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-On day one, apply to damp hair, rake through, and style. .-On day two (and so on), apply to dry hair to refresh and restyle...Pro tips:.-Mist from mid-lengths to ends, working through your hair by squeezing it in. Air-dry for natural styles or blow-dry with a round or flat brush for smooth, straight styles. .-Some areas of the hair may be more (or less) porous than others. Take some time massaging into hair after spraying to help absorb evenly..-When detangling, try using a wide tooth comb. Itu2019s a great way to help prevent breakage.
Rating: 4.6 stars
Number of Reviews: 3408
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/hairdresser-s-invisible-oil-primer-P386464?skuId=1602960&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1602960-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 8.5 oz/ 250 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1602960-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465