Product ID: 304
Product Name: Milk- Personal Eau de Parfum
Brand: Commodity
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $202.5
About: Fragrance Family:Warm & Spicy.Scent Type:Warm & Sweet Gourmands.Key Notes:Iso E Super, Mahogany Wood, Tonka Bean.Fragrance Description:Milk Expressiveu2019s warm notes of tonka bean and mahogany wood are made lustrous with Iso E Super and white cedar. Light as a feather, this sweet and caressing scent lays close like a second skin..About the Bottle:The Personal fragrance is housed in an all-white bottle, illustrating the soft, ethereal nature found across the Scent Space. All Personal perfumes also have a minus sign after their name to further demonstrate their decrease in projection..About the Fragrance:In creating Milk- Personal, I wanted to capture the intimate nostalgia of a fall family vacation spent making su2019mores around the fire. This fragrance is a creamy, sheer interpretation of an ambery composition that is soft and rather innocent. u2013Christelle Laprade, Maker
Ingredients: SD-Alcohol 40-B (Alcohol Denat.), Parfum/Fragrance, Aqua/Water/Eau, Coumarin.....The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Spritz one to two times directly on the pulse points, such as your wrists, inner elbows, or sides of the neck. .-Pulse points are warmer areas of the body that act as natural diffusers when emitting a scent..-After application, allow the scent to air dry. .-Rubbing or dabbing will break down a fragrance and cause it to wear off more quickly..-If you wear fragrance on the wrists, be sure to reapply after frequent handwashing..-Properly store your bottle to extend its shelf life, including recapping after each use and avoiding direct sunlight... Eau de Toilette or Eau de Parfum?: .The difference lies in the volume of perfume oil. While EDT contains five to nine percent, EDP contains more, usually eight to 14 percent. EDPs, therefore, last longer and smell more intense...Recycling Instructions: .-While Commodity works toward fully recyclable packaging, most of your fragrance can currently be recycled. .-Box, paper notecard, and pulp tray should be recycled as paper. .-Glass bottle and metal pump should be recycled as glass. .-Cellophane and bottle cap should be thrown in the trash.
Rating: 4.2 stars
Number of Reviews: 29
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/milk-personal-P502304?skuId=2616068&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2616068-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 3.4 oz / 100 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2616068-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465