Product ID: 1172
Product Name: The Shampoo - Scalp Cleanse With Hyaluronic Acid + Niacinamide For Thinning Hair
Brand: Nécessaire
Categories: Hair, Shampoo & Conditioner, Shampoo
Price: $38.0
About: What it is: A clinical Hyaluronic Acid shampoo to hydrate scalp, relieve itchiness and deeply cleanse. Ideal for thinning hair. Dermatologist-Tested...Hair Type: Straight, Wavy, Curly, and Coily..Hair Texture: Fine, Medium, and Thick..Hair Concerns:.- Anti-Aging.- Dryness.- Thinning..Key Benefits:.- Helps hydrate the scalp, minimize build-up, relieve itchiness and  deeply cleanse the hair..- Ideal for thinning hair..- Hypoallergenic. Dermatologist-Tested. Non-Comedogenic. Awarded the Seal Of Acceptance by The National Eczema Association...Highlighted Ingredients:.- Hyaluronic Acid (Seven Molecular Weights): Delivers hydration to scalp/hair and  strengthens the scalp's  barrier..- ApiScalp: Minimizes build-up, relieves itchiness and reverses irritation..- Plant Surfactants: Non-stripping plant surfactants deliver a luxe lather and a deep cleanse...Ingredient Callouts: This product is vegan, gluten-free, cruelty-free, fragrance-free and comes in recyclable packaging...What Else You Need to Know: Skincare for the scalp. A clinical Hyaluronic Acid shampoo to hydrate scalp, minimize build-up, relieve itchiness, reverse irritation and deeply cleanse hair. Infused with skincare actives - Hyaluronic Acid, Niacinamide, Panthenol and ApiScalp. Ideal for thinning hair. Conditioner is required. Color-Safe. Keratin-Safe. Hypoallergenic. Dermatologist-Tested. Non-Comedogenic....Clean & Planet AwareOur ambitious curation of beauty made without controversial ingredients from brands dedicated to making meaningful environmental commitments, including sustainable ingredients and sourcing, packaging, corporate commitments, and consumer transparency.
Ingredients: - Hyaluronic Acid (Seven Molecular Weights): Delivers hydration to scalp/hair and strengthens the scalp's barrier.. - ApiScalp: Minimizes build-up, relieves itchiness and reverses irritation.. - Plant Surfactants: Non-stripping plant surfactants deliver a luxe lather and a deep cleanse. ... Aqua/Water/Eau, Sodium Lauroyl Methyl Isethionate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Sodium Methyl Oleoyl Taurate, Sodium Cocoyl Isethionate, Propanediol, Niacinamide, Sodium Hyaluronate, Panthenol, Apium Graveolens (Celery) Seed Extract, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Glycerin, Disodium Cocoyl Glutamate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Citric Acid, Caprylhydroxamic Acid, Sodium Chloride, 1,2-Hexanediol, Caprylyl Glycol, Sodium Benzoate.... The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage: - The Shampoo is designed as a daily maintenance shampoo. - On wash day, use The Shampoo as your scalp and hair cleanser. - Massage The Shampoo onto wet scalp and hair. - Rinse well. - Follow with conditioner. - The Shampoo is ideal for thinning hair. Conditioner is required. Color-Safe. Keratin-Safe. No Sulfates. No Silicones. No PEGs. No Parabens. No Phthalates. ... Recycling Instructions: - Nécessaire has partnered with How2Recycle to provide third-party verified recycling claims. - Please follow recycling instructions printed on carton. - Rinse eco-bottle and recycle with #2 plastics. - The FSC-Certified carton and insert can be recycled with paper. - Note: the cap is not curbside recyclable. - For items that are not readily recyclable via curbside in the US please consider using Nécessaire’s verified TerraCycle partnership.
Rating: 4.4 stars
Number of Reviews: 706
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/necessaire-the-shampoo-with-hyaluronic-acid-fragrance-free-P502707?skuId=2608719&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2608719-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 8.4 oz / 250 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2608719-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465