Product ID: 931
Product Name: Mini Crème de la Mer Moisturizer
Brand: La Mer
Categories: Skincare, Mini Size
Price: $145.0
About: What it is:An iconic, rich cream that thoroughly hydrates, visibly soothes redness and irritation, and is ideal for dry skin..Skin Type:Dry.Skincare Concerns:Dryness, Redness, Fine lines and wrinkles.Formulation:Rich Cream.Highlighted Ingredients:- Miracle Broth™: Helps create the perfect environment to calm the look of redness and other signs of irritation..What Else You Need to Know:Crème de la Mer is the original moisture miracle of La Mer's five moisturizers. Lines and wrinkles appear visibly repaired. Skin feels firmer, looks healthier, and appears visibly renewed. Miracle Broth™, the skin-loving elixir at the heart of every La Mer treatment, helps calm the look of redness and other signs of irritation.
Ingredients: -Miracle Broth™: Helps create the perfect environment to calm the look of redness and other signs of irritation.. -Lime Tea Concentrate: Contains antioxidants to protect skin from irritation due to environmental stressors.. -Giant Sea Kelp: Supports skin’s natural healing process... Algae (Seaweed) Extract, Mineral Oil\Paraffinum Liquidum\Huile Minerale, Petrolatum, Glycerin, Isohexadecane, Microcrystalline Wax\Cera Microcristallina\Cire Microcristalline, Lanolin Alcohol, Citrus Aurantifolia (Lime) Extract, Sesamum Indicum (Sesame) Seed Oil, Eucalyptus Globulus (Ecalyptus) Leaf Oil, Sesamum Indicum (Sesame) Seed Powder, Medicago Sativa (Alfalfa) Seed Powder, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seedcake, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Seed Meal, Sodium Gluconate, Potassium Gluconate, Copper Gluconate, Calcium Gluconate, Magnesium Gluconate, Zinc Gluconate, Magnesium Sulfate, Paraffin, Tocopheryl Succinate, Niacin, Water\Aqua\EAU, Beta-Carotene, Decyl Oleate, Aluminum Distearate, Octyldodecanol, Citric Acid, Cyanocobalamin, Magnesium Stearate, Panthenol, Limonene, Geraniol, Linalool, Hydroxycitronellal, Citronellol, Benzyl Salicylate, Citral, Sodium Benzoate, Alcohol Denat., Fragrance (Parfum).. Please be aware that ingredient lists may change or vary from time to time. Please refer to the ingredient list on the product package you receive for the most up to date list of ingredients.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Warm a small amount for a few seconds by smoothing it between the fingertips. .-Once translucent, gently press into face and neck, taking care not to massage. .-Apply day and evening...-For two healing hydrators, pair The Treatment Lotion (sold separately) with Crème de la Mer: First press on the Treatment Lotion, then warm a little Crème de la Mer and apply.
Rating: 4.0 stars
Number of Reviews: 1480
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/creme-de-la-mer-mini-P426501?skuId=1932193&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1932193-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 0.5 oz/ 15 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1932193-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465