Product ID: 1216
Product Name: 10% AHA Lemonade Smoothing Scrub
Brand: OLEHENRIKSEN
Categories: Skincare, Cleansers, Exfoliators
Price: $47.5
About: What it is: A refreshing, exfoliating scrub that quickly and visibly retexturizes, polishes, and reduces the size of pores with AHAs, lemon peel, and sugar...Skin Type: Normal, Dry, Combination, and Oily..Skincare Concerns: Fine Lines and Wrinkles, Dullness, and Uneven Texture..Formulation: Scrub..Highlighted Ingredients:.- AHAs 10% (Glycolic and Lactic Acids): Chemically exfoliate and visibly even texture..- Ultra-Fine Sugar Exfoliants and Lemon Peel Extract: Physically exfoliate and visibly polish skin..- Holy Basil and Chamomile Extracts: Soothe and calm skin...Ingredient Callouts: Free of parabens, formaldehydes, formaldehyde-releasing agents, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, sulfates SLS & SLES, triclocarban, triclosan, and contains less than one percent synthetic fragrance. It is also vegan, gluten-free, and cruelty-free...What Else You Need to Know: Refresh your skin with a slush. This dual-action retexturizing scrub physically and chemically exfoliates. High-potency AHAs help loosen and lift dead skin cells, while lemon peel powder and sugar exfoliants gently sweep away rough skin. Plus holy basil and chamomile help calm and soothe your skin...Clinical Results: In a clinical study on 37 women, after 1 use:.- 100% of users agree this product polishes and retexturizes skin.- 100% of users agree this product creates an even looking complexionu200b.- 100% of users agree this product creates healthier-looking skin..
Ingredients: -AHAs 10% (Glycolic and Lactic Acids): Chemically exfoliate and visibly even texture..-Ultra-Fine Sugar Exfoliants and Lemon Peel Extract: Physically exfoliate and visibly polish skin..-Holy Basil and Chamomile Extracts: Soothe and calm skin...Aqua/Water/Eau, Glycerin, Glycolic Acid, Sucrose, Hydrated Silica, Polyglyceryl-10 Dipalmitate, Propanediol, Lactic Acid, Sodium Cocoyl Isethionate, Polyacrylate Crosspolymer-6, Sodium Hydroxide, Sodium Lactate, Acrylamide/Sodium Acryloyldimethyltaurate Copolymer, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Peel Powder, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Fruit Extract, Ocimum Sanctum Leaf Extract, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Saccharum Officinarum (Sugarcane) Extract/Extrait De Canne u00c0 Sucre, Citrus Aurantifolia (Lime) Peel Extract, Santalum Album (Sandalwood) Extract, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Peel Oil, Citrus Aurantium Bergamia (Bergamot) Peel Oil, Leuconostoc/Radish Root Ferment Filtrate, Coconut Acid, Sodium Riboflavin Phosphate, Dimethylhydroxy Furanone, Isohexadecane, Polysorbate 80, Sodium Isethionate, Sorbitan Oleate, Triethyl Citrate, Vanillin, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Limonene, Linalool, Citral...The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Apply to wet skin and gently massage in. .-Leave on for up to two minutes before rinsing or rinse right away. .-Use two to three times per week...Precautions:.-For external use only. Use as directed. .-This product contains active ingredients; OLEHENRIKSEN suggests testing a small amount on forearm. .-Sunburn alert: This product contains an alpha hydroxy acid (AHA) that may increase your skin's sensitivity to the sun and particularly the possibility of sunburn. Use a sunscreen, wear protective clothing, and limit sun exposure while using this product and for a week afterward. .-Avoid eye area. In case of contact with eyes, rinse immediately.
Rating: 4.6 stars
Number of Reviews: 1350
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/ole-henriksen-lemonade-smoothing-scrub-P466142?skuId=2406957&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2406957-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 3.0 oz/ 90g
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2406957-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465