Product ID: 1174
Product Name: The Conditioner- Hydrating Cream with Hyaluronic Acid, Niacinamide + Panthenol
Brand: Nu00e9cessaire
Categories: Hair, Shampoo & Conditioner, Conditioner
Price: $38.0
About: What it is: A clinically-tested hydrating cream to repair the scalp and and hydrate hair. Preps for hair growth treatment. Color-Safe. Dermatologist-Tested...Hair Type: Straight, Wavy, Curly, and Coily..Hair Texture: Fine, Medium, and Thick..Hair Concerns:.- Anti-Aging.- Dryness.- Thinning..Key Benefits:.- Helps to deeply cleanse the scalp, while infusing hair with hydration and vitality.- Helps remove build-up, minimize irritation, and relieve a dry, itchy scalp.- Color-safe and keratin-safe...Highlighted Ingredients:.- Hyaluronic Acid (Seven Molecular Weights): Delivers multilevel hydration to the scalp and hair..- Niacinamide and Panthenol: Vitamins B3 and B5 helps strengthen the scalp's protective barrier..- Celery Seed Extract: Helps relieve a dry, itchy, flaky scalp...Ingredient Callouts: This product is vegan, gluten-free, cruelty-free, fragrance-free and comes in recyclable packaging...What Else You Need to Know: The Conditioner is a daily treatment designed to reverse dryness, remove build-up, and repair scalp. The formula is infused with skincare actives like hyaluronic acid, niacinamide, panthenol and celery seed extract for better results. It also preps for hair growth treatment to follow. It is also color-safe, keratin-safe, hypoallergenic, dermatologist-tested, and non-comedogenic..This product is an Allure Best of Beauty award winner...Clean & Planet AwareOur ambitious curation of beauty made without controversial ingredients from brands dedicated to making meaningful environmental commitments, including sustainable ingredients and sourcing, packaging, corporate commitments, and consumer transparency.
Ingredients: -Hyaluronic Acid (Seven Molecular Weights): Delivers multilevel hydration to the scalp and hair..-Niacinamide and Panthenol: Vitamins B3 and B5 helps strengthen the scalp's protective barrier..-Celery Seed Extract: Helps relieve a dry, itchy, flaky scalp...Aqua/Water/Eau, Cetearyl Alcohol, Glycerin, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice Powder, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Behentrimonium Methosulfate, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Niacinamide, Panthenol, Sodium Hyaluronate, Apium Graveolens (Celery) Seed Extract, Cetyl Hydroxyethylcellulose, Citric Acid, Caprylhydroxamic Acid, 1,2-Hexanediol, Caprylyl Glycol, Disodium Phosphate, Hydrated Silica, Propanediol, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Sodium Phosphate......The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Use as your regular conditioner. .-Apply from scalp to tip. .-Let the product sit for one to two minutes. .-Rinse well... Recycling Instructions:.-Nu00e9cessaire has partnered with How2Recycle to provide third-party verified recycling claims. .-Please follow recycling instructions printed on carton..-Rinse eco-bottle and recycle with #2 plastics..-The FSC-Certified carton and insert can be recycled with paper..-Note: the cap is not curbside recyclable. .-For items that are not readily recyclable via curbside in the US please consider using Nu00e9cessaireu2019s verified TerraCycle partnership.
Rating: 4.6 stars
Number of Reviews: 460
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/necessaire-the-conditioner-fragrance-free-P502757?skuId=2608727&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2608727-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 8.4 oz / 250 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2608727-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465