Product ID: 1209
Product Name: No. 3 Hair Perfector Pre-Shampoo Hair Repair Treatment
Brand: Olaplex
Categories: Hair, Shop by Concern, Damaged Hair
Price: $82.0
About: What it is: A pre-shampoo hair treatment that reduces breakage and split ends for visibly healthier hair. OLAPLEX Bond Building Technology is proven to relink broken disulfide bonds damaged by chemical services, heat, and styling...Hair Type: Fine, Medium, and Thick..Hair Texture:Coily, Curly, Straight, and Wavy..Hair Concerns:.- Frizz.- Dryness.- Damage, Split Ends, and Breakage..Key Benefits:.- Reduces breakage and split ends.- Visibly strengthens hair.- Restores healthy appearance and texture..Highlighted Ingredients:.- Bis-Aminopropyl Diglycol Dimaleate: Patented and proven technology to help repair broken bonds for stronger hair...Ingredient Callouts: It is also vegan and cruelty-free. No.3 Hair Perfector is now formulated without Lilial...What Else You Need to Know: This deeply reparative, at-home bond-building treatment for damaged hair is formulated with patented OLAPLEX Bond Building Technology. It helps to rebuild weak and broken disulfide bonds for visibly healthier, stronger hair and to reduce breakage and split ends....OLAPLEX products are thoroughly tested in accordance with industry standards in-house and by independent third-party laboratories for safety and efficacy.
Ingredients: -Bis-Aminopropyl Diglycol Dimaleate... Water, Bis-Aminopropyl Diglycol Dimaleate, Propylene Glycol, Cetearyl Alcohol, Behentrimonium Methosulfate, Cetyl Alcohol, Phenoxyethanol, Glycerin, Hydroxyethyl Ethylcellulose, Stearamidopropyl Dimethylamine, Quaternium-91, Sodium Benzoate, Cetrimonium Methosulfate, Cetrimonium Chloride, Fragrance, Polyquaternium-37, Tetrasodium EDTA, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Etidronic Acid, Ascorbic Acid, Phytantriol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Panthenol, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Citric Acid, Potassium Sorbate.*No.3 Hair Perfector is now formulated without Lilial.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Apply a generous amount from roots to ends on damp, towel-dried hair..-Comb through once and leave on for a minimum of 10 minutes or more. .-Rinse from hair, shampoo, and condition. .-For best results, make the OLAPLEX Bond Maintenance System your weekly routine: treat with No.3 Hair Perfector, cleanse with No.4 Bond Maintenance Shampoo (sold separately), and hydrate with No.5 Bond Maintenance Conditioner (sold separately).
Rating: 4.3 stars
Number of Reviews: 4057
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/olaplex-hair-perfector-no-3-P428224?skuId=2347144&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2347144-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 8.5 oz / 250 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2347144-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465