Product ID: 35
Product Name: Moisture Mode Hair Hydration Routine Set
Brand: amika
Categories: Hair, Value & Gift Sets
Price: $56.0
About: What it is:A set that gives the gift of hydration, featuring a full sizes of Hydro Rush Intense Moisture Shampoo, Conditioner, and Dream Routine Overnight Treatment..Hair Texture:Wavy, Curly, and Coily.Hair Type:Medium and Thick.Hair Concerns:- Dryness.Key Benefits:- Intensely hydrates.Highlighted Ingredients:- Hyaluronic Acid: Helps plump up dry hair by attracting moisture..Ingredient Callouts:These products are vegan, gluten-free, cruelty-free, and come in recyclable packaging..What Else You Need to Know:Indulge in holiday hair delights with a moisturizing routine set that boosts hydration for up to 72 hours. In the shower, start with Hydro Rush Intense Moisture Shampoo and Conditioner to gently cleanse and boost moisture. Follow up with Dream Routine Overnight Hydration Treatment for intensely hydrated hair by morning. Infused with squalane, hyaluronic acid, blue algae, and coconut water, this trio of hydrating hair must-haves reduces breakage, intensely moisturizes, and provides long-lasting hydration..Fragrance Description:An intoxicating blend of warm vanilla, spicy sweet clover, and fresh citrus..Clinical Results:In a clinical test of the trio, where the shampoo and conditioner were tested together separate from the hair mask, results showed:.This Set Contains:- 9.2 oz/ 275 mL Hydro rush Intense Moisture Shampoo (full size).Clean & Planet AwareOur ambitious curation of beauty made without controversial ingredients from brands dedicated to making meaningful environmental commitments, including sustainable ingredients and sourcing, packaging, corporate commitments, and consumer transparency.
Ingredients: 
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.Hydro Rush Intense Moisture Shampoo:.-Massage a quarter-size amount into your hands..-Then lather through fully wet hair, focusing on the roots. .-Rinse..-Double cleanse. The first time to cleanse, and the second time to reap all the benefits this shampoo has to offer. .-Fully rinse out...Hydro Rush Intense Moisture Conditioner:.-Squeeze excess water out of hair before applying from mid-lengths to ends. .-Use the comb to detangle and evenly disperse product. .-Let it sit for two to three minutes. .-Rinse..-Shower off with cool water to seal in moisture and close the cuticle...Dream Routine Overnight Hydration Treatment: .-Pump one to four pumps into hands depending on hair length and thickness. .-For fine or thin hair, use one to two pumps. .-For medium or shoulder length hair, use two to three pumps. .-For thick or curly hair, use three to four pumps..-Apply to dry or damp hair before bedtime..-Distribute from mid-lengths to endsu2014youu2019re ready for your beauty sleep... Recycling Instructions:.-TerraCycle and amika joined forces to create a free national recycling program for amikau2019s hair care packaging..-Save your empties, print a free shipping label, and send back your packaging to give it a new life. Learn more and sign up&nbsp;at terracycle.com/en-US/brigades/amika.
Rating: 3.9 stars
Number of Reviews: 18
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/amika-moisture-mode-hair-hydration-routine-set-P513928?skuId=2826709&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2826709-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 