Product ID: 1511
Product Name: The Ballerina - Vulva Vibrator With Cushiony Texture
Brand: Smile Makers
Categories: Bath & Body, Wellness, Intimate Care
Price: $119.95
About: What it is:A palm-fit vibrator covering the whole vulva and featuring a ground-breaking texture mimicking the touch of a loveru2019s hand..Highlighted Features:- Cruelty-free, FDA-approved Silicone: For body-safe and guilt-free pleasure..What Else You Need to Know:This silent vibrator has 12 experiential modes with dynamic patterns. It stimulates all the vulvau2019s pleasure points at once for back-arching pleasure..Device Size:9.3 cm x 6.2 cm x 4.7 cm.This Device Comes With:- 2-year warranty.Due to health & safety reasons, this item is FINAL SALE and cannot be returned or exchanged for cash, credit, or otherwise.
Ingredients: 
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.Pleasure fun facts: .-The vulva encompasses the clitoral glans, the labia minora and majora, the urethral opening, and the vaginal entrance. All these parts have a shared nerve supply and during sexual stimulation respond as a unit though the responses are not uniform..-The sense of touch is a complex sense that processes signals sent by different types of receptors in our body. Some are located more deeply under the skin react to vibration and pressure. Others pick up light touch.  ..Tips:.-Apply slowly on the vulva, from the clitoral glans to the vaginal entrance, or the other way around. .-Close your eyes and focus on the sensations on different part of the vulva: How does it feel around the vaginal entrance? How does it feel on the outer labia? .-After one orgasm reduce speed while pressing the Ballerina down on your vulva to ground yourself and maintain arousal for another round of pleasure. .-Put the Ballerina on your vulva and bring your thighs around it to hold itu2014enjoy it hands-free..-Use it during penetrative sex, moving it up away from the vaginal entrance towards the pubis, so that the clitoris glans and the labia around be stimulated.
Rating: 4.7 stars
Number of Reviews: 64
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/the-ballerina-vulva-vibrator-with-cushiony-texture-P508238?skuId=2721140&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2721140-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 