Product ID: 1046
Product Name: Lover Eau de Parfum
Brand: The Maker
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $236.0
About: Fragrance Family:Earthy & Woody.Scent Type:Warm Woods.Key Notes:Luscious Fig, Flirtatious Jasmine Sambac, Arousing Oud.Fragrance Description:The Makeru2019s Lover Eau de Parfum is a hypnotic, woody scent that evokes a warm embrace. Creamy sandalwood, luscious fig, and sparkling vetiver blanket the skin while layered notes of jasmine sambac, narcissus, and a whisper of oud slowly reveal themselves like desires between lovers..About the Bottle:Inspired by an antique ink flask, the bottle is sensuous, smooth, and comfortable to hold with fluted glass panels. Ribbed glass is a signature look seen throughout The Maker Hotel, from fragrance and candles to glassware and lighting fixtures. Made with post-consumer-recycled glass, The Maker uses 27 percent less glass than traditional perfume bottles and C02-free production methods..About the Fragrance:Both grounding and magnetic, this gender-inclusive fragrance was inspired by the unrelenting bond between two lovers.
Ingredients: Alcohol Denat., Fragrance (Parfum), Water (Eau), Citronellol, Geraniol, Hydroxycitronellal...The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Spray the fragrance on your wrists, shoulders, or neck to create a personal fragrance aura. .-When pairing multiple scents, apply them to different areas of your body and let the fragrances gradually come together..-Do not press your wrists together after application or spray two fragrances on the same spot. It will destroy the composition. ..Recycling Instructions:.Each part of The Maker perfume bottles can be recycled within your home recycling bin by following these steps: .-Remove the cap, made of Zamak, and recycle with aluminum metals..-Unscrew the spray pump, pull out the plastic tube, and recycle with plastics..-Recycle the pump with aluminum metals. .-Recycle the glass bottle with glass. .-All of The Maker boxes are made with FSC-certified board and can be recycled with paper.
Rating: 4.3 stars
Number of Reviews: 302
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/lover-eau-de-parfum-P508262?skuId=2694685&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2694685-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 