Product ID: 526
Product Name: Hard to Get Eau de Parfum
Brand: FORVR Mood
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $107.0
About: Fragrance Family: Florals..Scent Type: Fruity Florals..Key Notes: Citron Zest, Sheer Jasmine, Whipped Vanilla..Fragrance Description: This beautifully bright fragrance opens with a burst of vibrant lemon zest that intertwines with the floral notes of jasmine, adding a touch of elegant sophistication. As the scent evolves, it reveals a heart of fluffy, whipped vanilla, which imparts a creamy, airy softness. The composition is rounded off with a rich layer of smooth vanilla, creating a sparkling, irresistibly sweet fragrance that's as enchanting as the person who wears it...About the Fragrance: This radiant scent is crafted for those who are both delightfully elusive and effortlessly lovable. After years of collaboration with top perfumers, the FORVR Mood Fine Fragrances collection is finally here. Discover four unique and unforgettable fragrances, each meticulously designed to match any mood—from sweet and approachable to confidently bold. Perfect for every personality, every day, and every occasion...About the Bottle: Self-care isn’t selfish. It’s a love letter to yourself that you write every day, sealed with a spray of your perfume. Like a precious diamond, these four fine fragrances reflect every one of your facets, from flirty and feminine to bold and unapologetic. These fragrances are encased in a stunning bottle reminiscent of Jackie’s engagement ring, and inspired by the brilliance of diamonds and the allure of precious gems.
Ingredients: Alcohol Denat., Fragrance (Parfum), Water (Aqua/Eau), Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Ethylhexyl Salicylate Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Fragrance is intensified by the warmth of your own body. Apply in the creases of your knees and elbows for a longer-lasting, stronger scent.
Rating: 4.4 stars
Number of Reviews: 316
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/forvr-mood-hard-to-get-eau-de-parfum-P510774?skuId=2718724&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2718724-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.7 oz eau de parfum spray
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2718724-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465