Product ID: 809
Product Name: Discovery Perfume Set
Brand: Juliette Has a Gun
Categories: Fragrance, Value & Gift Sets
Price: $47.0
About: Set Description: Take a sensory journey with the art of perfumery, direct from Paris. This mini set highlights the creatoru2019s favorites, all designed to make you feel confident, beautiful, and proud of who you are. All of the scents can be layered with the brandu2019s hero product, Not A Perfume...About the Fragrance: Not a Perfume is minimalist, elegant, and pure. This allergen-free formula is also ideal for blending with other fragrances. Lust For Sun is a solar scent with notes of ylang-ylang and touches of monoi and coconut. PEAR INC. is a heavenly perfume evoking happiness, sunny days, and positivity. Vanilla Vibes is a fusion of two opposites: natural vanilla and sea salt. Not A Perfume Superdose is an intensified version of the famous Not a Perfumeu2014super pure, super unique, and super you. Magnolia Bliss evokes memories of an endless summer with hints of juicy Mirabelle plum and fresh bergamot surrounded by the essence of soft magnolia flower. Juliette is a scent made for powerful women, a blazing dark cherry to light up the room. Ode to Dullness is the coziest of scents, the feeling of a warm blanket on a cold winter day...This Set Contains:- 0.17 oz/ 5 mL Not A Perfume.- 0.06 oz/ 1.7 mL Juliette Eau de Parfum.- 0.06 oz/ 1.7 mL Lust For Sun Eau de Parfum.- 0.06 oz/ 1.7 mL PEAR INC..- 0.06 oz/ 1.7 mL Vanilla Vibes.- 0.06 oz/ 1.7 mL Not A Perfume Superdose.- 0.06 oz/ 1.7 mL Ode to Dullness Eau de Parfum.- 0.06 oz/ 1.7 mL Magnolia Bliss Eau de Parfum
Ingredients: Not A Perfume:.Alcohol Denat., Fragrance, Aqua (Water)...Juliette Eau de Parfum:.Alcohol Denat., Parfum (Fragrance), Aqua (Water), Hexyl Cinnamal, Linalool, Ethylhexyl Salicylate, Hydroxycitronellal, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Limonene, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Coumarin, Geraniol, Citronellol, Benzyl Benzoate, Citral, Benzyl Alcohol, Isoeugenol, Eugenol...Lust For Sun Eau de Parfum:.Alcohol Denat., Parfum (Fragrance), Aqua (Water), Hexyl Cinnamal, Limonene, Linalool, Hydroxycitronellal, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Benzyl Salicylate, Geraniol, Citronellol, Ethylhexyl Salicylate, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Cinnamyl Alcohol, Benzyl Benzoate, Citral, Isoeugenol, Coumarin, Farnesol, Benzyl Alcohol, BHT...PEAR INC.:.Alcohol Denat., Parfum (Fragrance), Aqua (Water), Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Limonene, Ethylhexyl Salicylate, ButylMethoxydibenzoylmethane, Citral, Citric Acid, BHT...Not A Perfume Superdose:.Alcohol Denat.,Parfum (Fragrance), Aqua/Water, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate Ethylhexyl Salicylate, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane BHT...Ode to Dullness Eau de Parfum:.Alcohol Denat., Aqua (Water), Parfum (Fragrance), Ethylhexyl Salicylate, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Coumarin, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Limonene, Farnesol, Citral, Benzyl Benzoate...Vanilla Vibes:.Alcohol Denat., Parfum (Fragrance), Aqua (Water), Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Limonene, Ethylhexyl Salicylate, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Citral, Citric Acid, BHT...Magnolia Bliss Eau de Parfum:.Alcohol Denat., Parfum (Fragrance), Aqua (Water), Limonene, Linalool, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Hexyl Cinnamal, Hydroxycitronellal, Ethylhexyl Salicylate, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Citronellol, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Citral, Coumarin, Geraniol, Cinnamyl Alcohol, Eugenol, BHT.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Perfume reacts naturally with the warmth of your body..-Apply to your pulse points for a bold, long-lasting trail..-Avoid rubbing after application. Heat from friction alters the formulation and diminishes its strength.
Rating: 4.2 stars
Number of Reviews: 6
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/juliette-has-a-gun-discovery-perfume-set-P511402?skuId=2766624&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2766624-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 