Product ID: 1555
Product Name: C.E.O. 15% Vitamin C Brightening Serum
Brand: Sunday Riley
Categories: Skincare, Treatments, Face Serums
Price: $165.0
About: What it is:An advanced serum with plant saccharides and 15 percent vitamin C (THD ascorbate) to visibly minimize pores, brighten dark spots, and target signs of aging..Skin Type:Normal, Dry, Combination, and Oily.Skincare Concerns:Dark Spots, Fine Lines and Wrinkles, and Dullness.Formulation:Serum.Highlighted Ingredients:- Advanced Vitamin C (THD Ascorbate): A more stable version of vitamin C that targets visible signs of aging including dullness, loss of firmness, fine lines, wrinkles, dark spots, and redness..Ingredient Callouts:Free of parabens, formaldehydes, formaldehyde-releasing agents, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, sulfates SLS & SLES, triclocarban, triclosan, and contains less than one percent synthetic fragrance. It is also gluten-free and cruelty-free..What Else You Need to Know:Powered by a stable, advanced form of vitamin C, this serum rapidly absorbs into skin to visibly brighten and diminish signs of aging while providing powerful antioxidant protection. It leaves skin looking hydrated and firm with less-visible dark spots and wrinkles over time.
Ingredients: -Vitamin C (15% THD Ascorbate): Features superior visible brightening, clarifying, and antioxidant properties; helps fight the first signs of aging caused by stress, lifestyle, sun, and pollution...-Phytosterols Complex: Isolated from soybeans and containing at least 40 percent beta-sitosterol, it helps reduce the look of redness and skin sensitivity.   ..-Saccharide Isomerate Extract: Reduces the appearance of pores while reinforcing the skin's natural moisture barrier for smooth, supple texture.   ..-Glycolic Acid: Provides mild refinement to the skin; maintains the pH of the serum for maximum vitamin C efficacy, while supporting natural cell turnover and glow of the skin.   ...Water, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Squalane, PEG-8 Beeswax, Hydrogenated Polydecene, Polyglyceryl-6 Distearate, PPG-12/SMDI Copolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Acetamidoethoxyethanol, Jojoba Esters, Sodium Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Glycine Soja Sterols, Tocopherol, Glycolic Acid, Caprylyl Glycol, Sodium Phytate, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Sweet Orange) Oil, Chlorphenesin, Cera Alba, Glycerin, Isosqualane, C30 Hydrocarbons, Saccharide Isomerate...The list of ingredients is subject to change. Please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Use AM and/or PM..-For antioxidant protection and a glowing look, apply two pumps every morning to clean skin..-For visibly brighter, firmer skin overnight, apply after you cleanse before bedtime...Sunday says:.-I use C.E.O. 15% Vitamin C Brightening Serum twice a day. In the morning, I make a vitamin C cocktail for my skin by mixing two to three pumps with three drops of C.E.O Glow Vitamin C + Turmeric Face Oil. I massage it well into my skin and it rapidly soaks in, and my skin visibly glows. In the morning, I follow with Good Genes All-In One Lactic Acid Treatment and a dab of Tidal Brightening Enzyme Water Cream and then sunscreen. In the evening, I use C.E.O. 15% Vitamin C Brightening Serum after my retinoid step (A+ High-Dose Retinol Serum and Luna Retinol Sleeping Night Oil). I then follow with ICE Ceramide Moisturizing Cream. (All additional products are sold separately.)
Rating: 4.1 stars
Number of Reviews: 2299
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/c-e-o-rapid-flash-brightening-serum-P418346?skuId=2329639&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2329639-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1 oz/ 30 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1929306-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465