Product ID: 1597
Product Name: Water-Lock Refillable Moisturizer with Skin-Smoothing Peptides & Hyaluronic Acid
Brand: Tata Harper
Categories: Skincare, Moisturizers, Moisturizers
Price: $92.0
About: What it is:A lightweight, silicone-free refillable moisturizer with natural peptides and hyaluronic acid for skin-smoothing, balanced hydration..Skin Type:Normal, Combination, and Oily.Skincare Concerns:Dryness, Dullness, and Uneven Skin Tone.Formulation:Lightweight Lotion.Highlighted Ingredients:.Ingredient Callouts:This product is vegan, cruelty-free, and gluten-free. All ingredients are derived from natural sources..What Else You Need to Know:Reduce waste with Water-Lock Moisturizer. Reuse your jar, pump, and cap. Recycle your refill pod.
Ingredients: -Pomegranate Spheres: Absorb moisture to provide sustained hydration that can be locked into the skin..-Orange Blossom Peptides: Support the skinu2019s natural barrier to aid with water retention and hydration..-Macro Hyaluronic Acid: Absorbs moisture and provides a conditioning effect for a soft, hydrated, healthy-looking glow... Hordeum Vulgare Leaf Juice*, Octyldodecanol, C10-18 Triglycerides, Glycerin, Aqua/Water/Eau, Cetearyl Alcohol, Shea Butter Ethyl Esters, Diglycerin, Sclerotium Gum, Punica Granatum Extract, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Flower Extract, Sodium Hyaluronate, Saccharide Isomerate, Beta Vulgaris/Beet Root Extract/Extrait de Racine de Betterave, Arnica Montana (Arnica) Extract*, Borago Officinalis (Borage) Leaf Extract*, Calendula Officinalis (Calendula) Flower Extract*, Medicago Sativa (Alfalfa) Extract*, Spiraea Ulmaria (Meadowsweet) Extract*, Sambucus Nigra Fruit Extract, Olea Europaea (Olive) Oil*, Magnolia Officinalis Bark Extract, Citrus Sinensis (Orange) Peel Oil*, Arachidyl Alcohol, Glyceryl Caprylate, Sodium Phytate, Hydrolyzed Corn Starch, Glyceryl Undecylenate, Cetearyl Glucoside, Behenyl Alcohol, Sodium Levulinate, Sodium Anisate, Arachidyl Glucoside, Citric Acid, Sodium Citrate, L (+) Lactic Acid, Phenethyl Alcohol, Alcohol, Limonene, Citral, Citronellol, Linalool......The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Massage 1 to 2 pumps onto face and neck. Use AM &amp; PM...When you run out, get the refill pod...SUNBURN ALERT: This product contains an alpha hydroxy acid (AHA) that may increase your skin's sensitivity to the sun and particularly the possibility of sunburn. Use a sunscreen, wear protective clothing, and limit sun exposure while using this product and for a week afterwards...ASSEMBLY.This starter kit includes a refill pod that locks into your refillable jar. Peel off the foil, then assemble immediately. DO NOT TOUCH THE PRODUCT TO AVOID CONTAMINATION. .1. Peel the foil off of the pod. .2. Twist the pump onto the pod. .3. Drop it into the jar and twist on. ..Our caps and pumps are made from mixed materials.  Unfortunately, they are not recyclable due to their size and  composition. .Our jars are made from styrene acrylonitrile (SAN).  Unfortunately, the jars are not recyclable due to its composition. .Our refill cups are made from polyethylene and polypropylene.  Just rinse it out and toss it in your recycling bin. .Our refill foil seals are made from aluminum. Just rinse it off and  toss it in your recycling bin. .Our cartons are made from Forest Stewardship Council certified  paperboard. Just breakdown the box and toss it in your  recycling bin. .Our leaflets are made from paper. Just toss it in your recycling  bin.
Rating: 4.4 stars
Number of Reviews: 532
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/tata-harper-water-lock-moisturizer-with-skin-smoothing-peptides-P458917?skuId=2352458&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2352458-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.7 oz/ 50 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2352458-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465