Product ID: 1108
Product Name: Hydro Grip Hydrating Makeup Primer with Hyaluronic Acid + Niacinamide
Brand: MILK MAKEUP
Categories: Makeup, Face, Face Primer
Price: $52.0
About: What it is: An award-winning longwear gel makeup primer that grips makeup for up to 12 hours and hydrates with hyaluronic acid and niacinamide for a dewy finish...Finish: Radiant..Formulation: Lightweight, Gel..Skin Type: Normal, Dry, and Combination..Highlighted Ingredients:.- Blue Agave Extract: Grips makeup to prevent melting, fading, and caking..- Hyaluronic Acid and Niacinamide (Vitamin B3): Boost hydration to visibly smooth uneven texture..- Aloe Water + Hemp-derived Cannabis Seed Extract: Provide additional boost of hydration to lock in moisture...Ingredient Callouts: This product is vegan, gluten-free, and cruelty-free...What Else You Need to Know: This first-of-its-kind grippy (not sticky!) silicone-free primer combines active levels of skincare like hydrating hyaluronic acid & glow-boosting niacinamide with makeup-gripping blue agave extract, so makeup goes on smooth and lasts all day. No patchiness. No heavy feel. Just a dewy glow...Clinical Results: In a consumer perception study with 15 people in a 12-hour period:.-100% said makeup lasted longer.-100% said skin has a healthy-looking glow.-100% said skin feels more hydrated..
Ingredients: -Blue Agave Extract: Grips makeup to prevent melting, fading, and caking. .- Hyaluronic Acid and Niacinamide (Vitamin B3): Boost hydration to visibly smooth uneven texture..- Aloe Water + Hemp-derived Cannabis Seed Extract: Provide additional boost of hydration to lock in moisture...Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Water, Water/Aqua/Eau, Glycerin, Alcohol Denat., PEG-150 Distearate, Polyglyceryl-10 Eicosanedioate/Tetradecanedioate, Diglycerin, Cannabis Sativa (Hemp) Seed Extract, Opuntia Ficus-Indica Flower Extract, Prunus Avium (Sweet Cherry) Flower Extract, Agave Tequilana Leaf Extract, Sodium Hyaluronate, Niacinamide, Sorbitol, Pullulan, Inositol, Betaine, Carbomer, Maltose, Xylitol, Sodium Hydroxide, PVP, Propylene Glycol, Panthenol, Vegetable Amino Acids, Sodium Phytate, Citric Acid, Alcohol, Benzoic Acid, Sodium Benzoate, Dehydroacetic Acid, Benzyl Alcohol, Potassium Sorbate, Phenoxyethanol......The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:. -Apply one to two pumps of primer onto the back of your hand. .-Blend a thin layer onto clean skin before makeup application. .-Let the formula set for 60 seconds to absorb and activate grip for all-day hold..-Layer foundation and other makeup on top for a smooth application that lasts all day or wear alone for a dewy glow. .-End your routine with Hydro Grip Set + Refresh Spray (sold separately) for extra long-lasting makeup. .-Pro Tip: To prevent pilling, let skincare and sunscreen fully absorb before primer application. Start with one pump and add more if needed.
Rating: 4.0 stars
Number of Reviews: 9101
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/hydro-grip-primer-P441813?skuId=2169423&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2169423-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.52 / 45 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2169423-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465