Product ID: 1775
Product Name: Santal Vanille Eau de Parfum
Brand: The 7 Virtues
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $127.0
About: Fragrance Family:Warm & Spicy.Scent Type:Woody Spices.Key Notes:Myrrh, Vanilla, Sandalwood.Fragrance Description:This perfume is reminiscent of a cashmere sweater, wrapped in creamy coconut and aromatic vanilla, and infused with warm myrrh. The long-lasting notes of rich sandalwood leave a lingering impression..About the Bottle:MAKE PERFUME NOT WAR is the mantra at The 7 Virtues, and it is molded into their caps as a reminder. The perfumes are made with natural, fair-trade essential oils, supporting families in nations rebuilding after war or strife. The 7 Virtues believes transparency is key, so visible through the perfume itself, you can read where the fragrance oils were sourced from and the aromatherapy healing benefits of each. All formulations are Leaping Bunnyu2013certified, cruelty-free, and vegan..About the Fragrance:Sandalwood benefits the mind and supports focus with its aromatherapeutic benefits. This perfume is hypoallergenic, infused with sugar-cane alcohol, and contains 25 percentu2013fragrance oils for a long-lasting natural scent. Our sustainably sourced sandalwood from Sri Lanka provides environmental education for women.
Ingredients: ALCOHOL DENAT, FRAGRANCE/ PARFUM, WATER/EAU/AQUA, COUMARIN ,LIMONENE, LINALOOL, GERANIOL, CITRAL, FARNESOL, CITRONELLOL
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.- The 7 Virtues peace perfumes were designed to layer with one another to create your own unique signature peace perfume..- Apply liberally to your pulse points, as fragrance intensifies with your bodyu2019s warmth.  .- For a longer lasting natural scent layer with our Perfume Oil. .- Allow these scents to blend with your natural pheromones and get ready for endless compliments.  .- After applying avoid rubbing your wrists together as this breaks down the fragrance causing it to wear off more quickly.  .- If you wear our perfumes on your wrists, be sure to reapply after frequent hand washing as this can rinse the scent off.  .- Because this perfume contains organic sugar cane alcohol, it also acts as a sanitizer, keeping your skin fresh and clean...Recycling Instructions: .All box packaging is made from FSC certified sustainably managed forests and is recyclable.
Rating: 4.3 stars
Number of Reviews: 406
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/7-virtues-santal-vanille-eau-de-parfum-P468853?skuId=2409225&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2409225-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.7 oz/ 50 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2409225-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465