Product ID: 1688
Product Name: Velour-Xtensionsu2122 False Lash Clusters
Brand: Velour Lashes
Categories: Makeup, Eye, False Eyelashes
Price: $40.5
About: What it is:A set of completely customizable, patent-pending, lightweight lash clusters. Use the same length for a round shape or incrementally longer for flared..Ingredient Callouts:Free of parabens, formaldehydes, formaldehyde-releasing agents, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, sulfates SLS & SLES, triclocarban, triclosan, and contains less than one percent synthetic fragrance. It is also vegan, gluten-free, cruelty-free, and comes in recyclable packaging..What Else You Need to Know:Create a lash extension look with the Velour Multi-Day Lash Bond (sold separately) in less than ten minutes for multi-day wear. Create a customized lash look with Velour Lash Adhesive (sold separately) for daily wear.
Ingredients: Synthetic Fibres
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.Using Velour Multi-Day Lash Bond (sold separately) for multi-day wear underneath natural lashes:.-Prepare your lashes by thoroughly cleaning to remove oils, mascara, concealer, skincare products, or makeup of any kind around the eye area..-Application starts from the outer corner of your eye...Step 1: .-Apply Multi-Day Lash Bond (A) across the top of Velour-Xtensionsu2122 Lash Cluster..-Apply Multi-Day Lash Bond (B) to the underside of natural lashes, ensuring not to touch the skin. .-Wait until the formula is tacky, about 10 to 15 seconds. ..Pro Tip: .-Focus the bond application on the base of your natural lashes, close to the waterline on the underside of your upper lashes...Step 2: .-Once the bond has become tacky, use the Too Real Lash Extension Tool (sold separately) to place the Velour-Xtensionsu2122 Lash Cluster on the tacky underside of your natural lashes, just above the waterline. ..Pro Tip: .-Lift the eyelid up with your fingertips to help the lash band reach the base of your lashes..-Use the angled tip of the Too Real Lash Extension Tool to gently press Velour-Xtensionu2122 Lash Clusters into the root of your natural lashes.u200b ..Step 3: .-Using the Too Real Lash Extension Tool (sold separately), follow the curvature of your lash line to clamp down and fuse the Velour-Xtensionsu2122 Lash Clusters and natural lashes together to secure. ..Pro Tip: .-Wipe the Too Real Lash Extension Tool between cluster applications to prevent lashes from sticking to the tool...-Repeat steps one through three for remaining clusters. .-Keep lashes dry for 24 hours...Using Velour Lash Adhesive (sold separately) for daily wear above natural lashes:.Step 1: .-Apply a thin layer of Velour Lash Adhesive to the lash band and wait 30 seconds. ..Pro Tip: .-The Velour Lash Adhesive formula turns from white to a blue sheen, so you'll know it's ready to apply...Step 2: .-Using the Velour Too Easy Lash Applicator (sold separately) place the lash as close to your natural lash line as possible..-Adjust as necessary. ..-Repeat steps one and two for remaining clusters...How to Remove Velour Multi-Day Lash Bond:.-Apply an oil-based makeup remover on a cotton pad or directly onto your lashes. .-Gently massage the pad over your eyelids and lashes for a few seconds to loosen the bond before sliding off Velour-Xtensionsu2122 Lash Clusters. ..Pro Tip: .-Be patientu2014if the lash clusters donu2019t immediately slide off, apply more remover, and wait several minutes. .-Do not pull...How to Remove Velour Lash Adhesive:.-Gently remove lash clusters by peeling from the outer to inner corner of your eye. .-Velour Lash Adhesive can be removed with a makeup remover, such as cleansing balm, micellar water, or Velour's Lashesu2019 Clean Oil-Free Makeup Remover (sold separately).
Rating: 4.6 stars
Number of Reviews: 200
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/velour-xtensions-tm-false-lash-clusters-P506146?skuId=2568921&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2568921-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: Volume Clusters
   Shade Description: Glam Volume
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2568947-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465
 - Shade: Hybrid Clusters
   Shade Description: Full Volume
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2568939-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465
 - Shade: Classic Clusters
   Shade Description: Natural Volume
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2568921-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465