Product ID: 1723
Product Name: Flourish Thickening Shampoo for Thinning Hair
Brand: Virtue
Categories: Hair, Shampoo & Conditioner, Shampoo
Price: $60.0
About: What it is: This gentle shampoo supports healthy growth and thickness by clearing debris from the follicle, balancing the microbiome, and nourishing hair and scalp with Alpha Keratin 60ku CLINICAL protein and other fast-acting ingredients. Perfect for anyone with thinning hair...Hair Type: Fine and MediumHair Texture:  Straight, Wavy, Curly, and Coily..Hair Concerns:.- Thinning.- Scalp Buildup.- Volumizing..Key Benefits:.- Detoxifies.- Volumizes.- Repairs..Highlighted Ingredients:.- Alpha Keratin 60ku CLINICAL Protein: A protein duo that encourages growth with microbiome-balancing ingredients..- Sodium Hyaluronate and Red Algae Extract: For lightweight hydration and moisture to thicken hair and keep fibers supple..- Biomimetic Signal Peptides: Nourish and calm the scalp to help create a healthy environment for growth...Ingredient Callouts: Free of parabens, formaldehydes, phthalates, hydroquinone, sulfates SLS & SLES, triclocarban, and triclosan. It is also vegan, gluten-free, cruelty-free, and comes in recyclable packaging...What Else You Need to Know: Growing hair is just the beginning, how we care for that new hair helps determine whether it survives. Powered by two groundbreaking keratin proteins, Flourish products cleanse, purify, and enrich the scalp, creating fertile ground for new growth. As each new hair emerges, itu2019s nourished and strengthened, reducing the rate of breakage and helping hair grow to maturity..Fragrance Description: A gentle, spa-like blend of aromatic herbs, bright citrus, clean flowers, and balancing woods, with basil and patchouli essential oils for scalp care and healthy hair...Clinical Results: In an independent, third-party test of 35 women, when the shampoo was used in combination with the Flourish Conditioner & Density Booster as part of a regimen, women saw the following results after 6 months of use:.- 91% saw less fall out after.- 97% said scalp was healthier.- 94% had more volume
Ingredients: -Alpha Keratin 60ku CLINICAL Protein: A protein duo that encourages growth with microbiome-balancing ingredients. .-Sodium Hyaluronate and Red Algae Extract: For lightweight hydration and moisture to thicken hair and keep fibers supple. .-Biomimetic Signal Peptides: Nourish and calm the scalp to help create a healthy environment for growth. . .Aqua (Water, Eau), Sodium Lauroyl Methyl Isethionate, Sodium Cocoyl Isethionate, Lauryl Glucoside, Acrylates Copolymer, Keratin, Trifolium Pratense (Clover) Flower Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Larix Europaea Wood Extract, Sodium Hyaluronate, Tocopherol, Acetyl Tetrapeptide-3, Rice Oil Glycereth-8 Esters, Sodium Phytate, Cocamide MIPA, Polysorbate 20, Hydrogenated Coconut Acid, Sodium Isethionate, Sodium Methyl Cocoyl Taurate, Caprylyl Glycol, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Hexylene Glycol, Glycerin, Butylene Glycol, Sodium Dilauramidoglutamide Lysine, Isopropanolamine, Coconut Acid, Dextran, Chondrus Crispus Extract, Ethylhexyl Salicylate, Sodium Metabisulfite, Glycine, Gluconolactone, Zinc Chloride, Phenoxyethanol, Parfum (Fragrance), Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Hydroxide, Citric Acid, Sodium Benzoate, Sodium Chloride, Linalool, Geraniol, Limonene, Citronellol.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Work a quarter-size amount of shampoo into a rich lather between palms. .-Apply to wet hair and massage into scalp, starting at the nape of your neck and working the lather through the ends. .-Rinse thoroughly..-Tip: After washing and conditioning, dry hair in sections, lightly squeezing and gently patting out moisture. Rough drying hair with a towel can pull or break fragile new hairs. If you have it, a soft microfiber towel is even better.
Rating: 4.4 stars
Number of Reviews: 115
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/virtue-flourish-shampoo-for-thinning-hair-P480368?skuId=2536878&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2536878-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 8 oz/ 240 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2536878-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465