Product ID: 411
Product Name: Protini Polypeptide Firming Refillable Moisturizer
Brand: Drunk Elephant
Categories: Skincare, Moisturizers, Moisturizers
Price: $92.0
About: What it is: Now refillable (and relovable!), this protein moisturizer combines signal peptides, growth factors, amino acids, and pygmy waterlily to improve the appearance of skinu2019s tone, texture, and firmness...Skin Type: Normal, Dry, Combination, and Oily..Skincare Concerns: Dryness, Dullness and Uneven Texture, and Loss of Firmness and Elasticity..Highlighted Ingredients:.- Signal Peptide Complex (Growth Factors): Nine signal peptides (made up of amino.acids, which form proteins in the skin) bind moisture to skinu2014visibly plumping, firming,.and restoring bounce..- Pygmy Waterlily Stem Cell Extract: An excellent source of antioxidants and nutrients to replenish the skin; extremely moisturizing, soothing, and calming; and effective in supporting healthy-, youthful-looking skin..- Soybean Folic Acid Ferment Extract: This B vitamin plays a central role in maintaining youthful-, elastic-looking skin. Skin is thirsty for folic acid, especially after exposure to sun...Ingredient Callouts: This product is vegan and cruelty-free...What Else You Need to Know: Protini restores younger-, revived-looking skin. Lines, wrinkles, and sun damage appear reduced and skin feels strengthened and moisturized. Think of Protini like adding protein to your smoothie. Abundant with proteins and nutrients, it replenishes and restores skin to a visibly strong, healthy state. It has a pH of 4.0..This cream is free of essential oils, silicones, and fragrance..Drunk Elephant is committed to using only ingredients that either directly benefit the health of the skin or support the integrity of their formulations. The brand focuses on healthy pH levels, formulations the skin recognizes, small molecular structure thatu2019s easily absorbed, and effective active ingredients that also support the skinu2019s acid mantle. All of their products are designed to be mixed togetheru2014what Drunk Elephant calls making a smoothie. (This is true for all of their products except their sunscreen, Umbra, which sits on top of the skin, protecting it from UV damage.) The result is skin that is reset to its happiest, healthiest state..Drunk Elephant is a supporter of IEF (International Elephant Foundation) and is cruelty-free....Clinical Results: In a clinical study with 31 people after 8 weeks:.-96% showed improvement in skinu2019s tone, radiance, and luminosity.-93% showed improvement in texture.-90% showed improvement in skinu2019s hydration...
Ingredients: -Signal Peptide Complex (Growth Factors): Nine signal peptides (made up of aminoacids, which form proteins in the skin) bind moisture to skinu2014visibly plumping, firming,and restoring bounce..-Pygmy Waterlily Stem Cell Extract: An excellent source of antioxidants and nutrients to replenish the skin; extremely moisturizing, soothing, and calming; and effective in supporting healthy-, youthful-looking skin..-Soybean Folic Acid Ferment Extract: This B vitamin plays a central role in maintaining youthful-, elastic-looking skin. Skin is thirsty for folic acid, especially after exposure to sun...Water/Aqua/Eau, Dicaprylyl Carbonate, Glycerin, Cetearyl Alcohol, Cetearyl Olivate, Sorbitan Olivate, Sclerocarya Birrea Seed Oil, Bacillus/ Folic Acid Ferment Filtrate Extract, Nymphaea Alba Root Extract, sh-Oligopeptide-1, sh-Oligopeptide-2, sh-Polypeptide-1, sh-Polypeptide-9, sh-Polypeptide-11, Copper Palmitoyl Heptapeptide-14, Heptapeptide-15 Palmitate, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Alanine, Arginine, Glycine, Histidine, Isoleucine, Phenylalanine, Proline, Serine, Threonine, Valine, Acetyl Glutamine, Coconut Alkanes, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Sodium Hyaluronate, Aspartic Acid, Linoleic Acid, Linolenic Acid, Lecithin, Butylene Glycol, Polyvinyl Alcohol, Sodium Lactate, Sodium PCA, PCA, Sorbitan Isostearate, Carbomer, Polysorbate 20, Polysorbate 60, Lactic Acid/Glycolic Acid Copolymer, Hydroxyethyl Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Xanthan Gum, Isomalt, 1,2-Hexanediol, Caprylyl Glycol, Chlorphenesin, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopherol, Sodium Benzoate, Phenylpropanol, Glyceryl Caprylate, Symphytum Officinale Callus Culture Extract.....The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Apply morning and night to clean, dry skin for a vital dose of protein and replenishing moisture the skin needs to retain its youthful appearance..- Tip: Think of ProtiniTM in your Drunk Elephant skincare routine like adding a shot of protein to your smoothie everyday..Smoothie Tips:.Try our u201cOwn Your Power Smoothieu201d for firmer, hydrated, younger-looking skin. In the palm of your hand mix one pump of B-Hydra, one pump of Protini Serum , and one pump of Protini and apply to skin....How To Refill:.1. Remove cap and unscrew pump..2. Remove empty inner jar..3. Insert refill pod into outer jar and remove film seal..4. Immediately screw pump back on tightly..Do not touch product or underside of pump to avoid contamination..How To Recycle Refill:.Wait! Donu2019t throw me awayu2014Iu2019m recyclable!
Rating: 4.0 stars
Number of Reviews: 7380
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/protini-tm-polypeptide-cream-P427421?skuId=2025633&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2025633-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.69 oz/ 50 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2025633-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465