Product ID: 426
Product Name: Special edition Airwrapu2122 multi-styler and dryer Complete Long in Strawberry bronze and blush pink
Brand: Dyson
Categories: Hair, Tools, Hair Dryers
Price: $799.99
About: What it is:A special edition Dyson Airwrapu2122 Complete Long for straight and wavy hair in strawberry bronze and blush pink with a complimentary Detangling comb..Hair Texture:Straight and Wavy.Hair Type:Fine, Medium, and Thick.Hair Concerns:- Curl-Enhancing.Key Benefits:- Six versatile attachments engineered for different hair types, lengths, and styles.What Else You Need to Know:This special edition Dyson Airwrapu2122 Complete Long for straight and wavy hair in strawberry bronze and blush pink has a complimentary Detangling comb. The tool dries, curls, shapes, smooths, and hides flyaways with no heat damage. The re-engineered attachments harness Enhanced Coanda airflow for faster and more versatile styling.u00b9.Features:- Coanda styling pioneered by Dyson: The Dyson Airwrapu2122 multi-styler harnesses an aerodynamic phenomenon called the Coanda effect. It uses air to attract and wrap hair to the barrel or surface of the brush..Key Controls:- Airflow speed: Three precise airflow speeds to suit your styling preference..Includes:- Two-in-one Coanda smoothing dryer to dry, smooth, and hide flyaways.u00b3
Ingredients: 
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.Styling Tips:.-For best results, start with freshly washed hair. .-Use the Coanda smoothing dryer to take hair from damp to about 80% dry..-Use the 1.2-inch barrel for a defined curl or the 1.6-inch barrel for a bouncy curl on longer hair..-Use the Firm or Soft smoothing brush to smooth and lengthen hair (if needed before curling)..-Use the Round volumizing brush to add body and shape to hair for a blowout look..-Finish with the Coanda smoothing dryer in Flyaway mode to finish your look and hide flyaways...Other Tips:.-Don't forget to use the cold shot to set your curls or style..-Curling: Use higher heat and airflow. Take small sections of hair and introduce the ends of your hair to the arrows on the barrel. Once hair begins to wrap, move the barrel towards your head without twisting allowing air to wrap damp hair around the barrel. Hold until hair is dry. Push the cold shot to set the curl.  .-Using high heat and high airflow, allow air to wrap damp hair tress around the barrel. When hair is dry, use a cold shot to set the style. Turn machine off before removing from hair.
Rating: 4.5 stars
Number of Reviews: 8
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/dyson-special-edition-airwrap-tm-multi-styler-dryer-complete-long-in-strawberry-bronze-blush-pink-P513999?skuId=2822591&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2822591-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 