Product ID: 1689
Product Name: Velour-Xtensionsu2122 False Lashes Kit
Brand: Velour Lashes
Categories: Makeup, Eye, False Eyelashes
Price: $51.5
About: What it is:A kit for lash extensions you can do in minutesu2014featuring 12 lash clusters, a mini Multi-Day Lash Bond, and mini Too Real Lash Extension Tool...Ingredient Callouts:Free of parabens, formaldehydes, formaldehyde-releasing agents, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, sulfates SLS & SLES, triclocarban, triclosan, and contains less than one percent synthetic fragrance. It is also vegan, gluten-free, cruelty-free, and comes in recyclable packaging..What Else You Need to Know:Velour Lashesu2019 DIY Velour-Xtensionsu2122 give you salon grade lash extension results for several days, in less than ten minutes. These lash clusters are customizable so you can do your lashes your way..This Set Contains:
Ingredients: Multi-Day Lash Bond:.Acrylates/Ethylhexyl Acrylate Copolymer, Water/Aqua/Eau, Propylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Prepare your lashes by thoroughly cleaning to remove oils, mascara, concealer, skincare products, or makeup of any kind around the eye area..-Application starts from the outer corner of your eye. .-Start with the longest lash cluster (Long, 14 millimeters) from the bottom row of the kit...Step 1: .-Apply Multi-Day Lash Bond (A) across the top of Velour-Xtensionsu2122 Lash Cluster..-Apply Multi-Day Lash Bond (B) to the underside of natural lashes, ensuring not to touch the skin. .-Wait until the formula is tacky, about 10 to 15 seconds. ..Pro Tip: .-Focus the bond application on the base of your natural lashes, close to the waterline on the underside of your upper lashes...Step 2: .-Once the bond has become tacky, use the Too Real Lash Extension Tool to place the Velour-Xtensionsu2122 Lash Cluster on the tacky underside of your natural lashes, just above the waterline. ..Pro Tip: .-Lift the eyelid up with your fingertips to help the lash band reach the base of your lashes..-Use the angled tip of the Too Real Lash Extension Tool to gently press Velour-Xtensionu2122 Lash Clusters into the root of your natural lashes.u200b ..Step 3: .-Using the Too Real Lash Extension Tool, follow the curvature of your lash line to clamp down and fuse the Velour-Xtensionsu2122 Lash Clusters and natural lashes together to secure. ..Pro Tip: .-Wipe the Too Real Lash Extension Tool in-between cluster applications to prevent lashes from sticking to the tool..-Repeat steps one through three for remaining clusters. .-Keep lashes dry for 24 hours...How to Remove:.-Apply an oil-based makeup remover on a cotton pad or directly onto your lashes. .-Gently massage the pad over your eyelids and lashes for a few seconds to loosen the bond before sliding off Velour-Xtensionsu2122 Lash Clusters. ..Pro Tip: .-Be patientu2014if the lash clusters donu2019t immediately slide off, apply more remover, and wait several minutes. .-Do not pull.
Rating: 3.8 stars
Number of Reviews: 156
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/velour-xtensions-false-lashes-kit-P506069?skuId=2568913&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2568913-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: Hybrid
   Shade Description: Medium/ Full Density
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2568913-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465