Product ID: 1356
Product Name: Glow and Sculpt Face Serum Primer with Niacinamide
Brand: REFY
Categories: Makeup, Face, Face Primer
Price: $46.0
About: What it is:  A hydrating priming serum with a facial roller to sculpt your face and leave a healthy, radiant glow...Finish: Radiant..Skin Type: Normal, Oily, Dry, and Combination..Concerns: Dryness and Redness..Highlighted Ingredients:.- Niacinamide: Helps to visibly brighten skin and reduce the appearance of redness and blemishes..- Glycerin: Helps to leave the skin feeling hydrated...Ingredient Callouts: Free of parabens, formaldehydes, formaldehyde-releasing agents, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, sulfates SLS & SLES, triclocarban, triclosan, and contains less than one percent synthetic fragrance. It is also vegan, gluten-free, cruelty-free, and comes in recyclable packaging...What Else You Need to Know: This primer is a skincare and makeup-prep hybrid product that helps your makeup last longer. The nonstick, lightweight formula leaves the skin feeling hydrated and helps to reduce the look of redness. The roller applicator helps to reduce puffiness and allows you to add visible definition to your jawline and cheekbones.
Ingredients: -Niacinamide: Helps to visibly brighten skin and reduce the appearance of redness and blemishes..-Glycerin: Helps to leave the skin feeling hydrated...Aqua/Water/Eau, Glycerin, Butylene Glycol, Glycereth-26, 1,2-Hexanediol, Niacinamide, Camellia Sinensis Seed Oil, Methylpropanediol, Panthenol, Chlorella Vulgaris Extract, Glucose, Acrylates/C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer, Fructooligosaccharides, Fructose, Hydrogenated Lecithin, Sodium Polyacryloyldimethyl Taurate, Yeast Ferment Extract, Tromethamine, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Sodium Phytate, Candida Bombicola/Glucose/Methyl Rapeseedate Ferment, Tocopherol.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-For best results, apply after moisturizing and before applying makeup. .-Gently squeeze the tube so the formula comes out onto the roller applicator. .-Massage the roller over the skin, working outward toward the edges of the face..-For hygiene reasons, REFY recommends wiping the roller after every use. .-For best results, store the product at room temperature and do not refrigerate. ..Recycling Instructions:.-Remove the roller head. .-Cut along the top of the tube and rinse to ensure there is no product left. .-The tube and lid can both be recycled in your home recycling bin. .-The roller is made of PE and TPE and should be recyclable at your local recycling bank.
Rating: 3.7 stars
Number of Reviews: 266
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/glow-sculpt-face-primer-P500449?skuId=2600617&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2600617-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.4 oz / 40 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2600617-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465