Product ID: 84
Product Name: Eye Want It All Face + Eye Microneedling Set
Brand: BeautyBio
Categories: Skincare, Value & Gift Sets
Price: $336.0
About: What it is:A bestselling microneedling device with two attachments and a balm for visibly firmer, brighter skin and more-awake-looking eyes..Skin Type:Normal, Dry, Combination, and Oily.Skincare Concerns:Fine Lines and Wrinkles, Loss of Firmness and Elasticity, and Dark Circles.Highlighted Ingredients:- Jojoba: Nourishes delicate under-eye skin..Ingredient Callouts:These products are vegan, gluten-free, cruelty-free, and come in recyclable packaging..What Else You Need to Know:Tackle key skin concerns with this kit, which visibly refines texture, brightens dark circles, fades fine lines, and diminishes enlarged pores. The GloPROu00ae Microneedling Rejuvenation Tool revives the look of skin and visibly enhances the benefits of topical skincare for clinical-grade results you can see and feel..This Set Contains:- GloPROu00ae Microneedling Rejuvenation Tool with GloPROu00ae FACE MicroTipu2122 Attachment Head.Clinical Results:
Ingredients: -Jojoba: Nourishes delicate under-eye skin..-Olive: Protects against free-radical damage..-Persian Silk Tree Bark: Visibly minimizes dark circles...The Quench Eye Reviving Quadralipid Eye Balm:.Water/Aqua/Eau, Glycerin, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Glyceryl Stearate, Jojoba Esters, Cetearyl Alcohol, Caprylic/Capric/Myristic/Stearic Triglyceride, Dimethicone, Neopentyl Glycol Dicaprylate/Dicaprate, Niacinamide, Tridecyl Stearate, Ethyl Macadamiate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Paraffin, PPG-12/SMDI Copolymer, PEG-100 Stearate, Beeswax/Cera Alba/Cire D'abeille, Cetyl Alcohol, Pullulan, Squalane, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Albizia Julibrissin Bark Extract, Acmella Oleracea Extract, Dipeptide Diaminobutyroyl Benzylamide Diacetate, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Portulaca Oleracea Extract, Sodium Hyaluronate, Centella Asiatica Extract, Malic Acid, Tocopherol, Darutoside, Capryloyl Glycerin/Sebacic Acid Copolymer, Caprylyl Glycol, Diheptyl Succinate, Hexylene Glycol, Steareth-10, Steareth-20, Sodium Polyacrylate, Xanthan Gum, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Benzoate, Disodium EDTA.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-On clean skin, swipe a GloPROu00ae Prep Pad Clarifying Skin Cleansing Wipe with Peptides (sold separately) over face. .-Roll GloPROu00ae FACE MicroTipu2122 Attachment Head across target areas in a combination of horizontal, vertical, and diagonal directions for a total of 60 seconds (no pressure needed). .-Use the GloPROu00ae EYE MicroTipu2122 Attachment Head to target hard-to-reach areas under and around your eyes, up to your browbone, and between brows. Spend 15 seconds on each area. .-Using the flat end of the included wand, apply The Quench Eye Reviving Quadralipid Eye Balm, then dab with fingertips until blended. .-Use the round end of the wand to gently massage and visibly depuff. ..Precautions: .-Avoid rolling GloPROu00ae Microneedling Rejuvenation Tool directly on eyelids. .-Do not use on broken or irritated skin. .-Only apply products that are not compromised or contaminated.
Rating: 4.3 stars
Number of Reviews: 19
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/beautybio-eye-want-it-all-face-eye-microneedling-set-P483089?skuId=2582435&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2582435-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 