Product ID: 1449
Product Name: Essential Energy Hydrating Cream
Brand: Shiseido
Categories: Skincare, Moisturizers, Moisturizers
Price: $70.0
About: What it is:A fast-absorbing moisturizing cream that supports skinu2019s natural production of hyaluronic acid for intense moisture that lasts up to 24 hours..Skin Type:Normal, Dry, Combination, and Oily.Skincare Concerns:Fine Lines and Wrinkles, Pores, and Dryness.Formulation:Cream.Highlighted Ingredients:- Purified and Micronized Hyaluronic Acid: Delivers, attracts, and retains moisture..Ingredient Callouts:Free of parabens, formaldehydes, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, sulfates SLS & SLES, triclocarban, and triclosan..What Else You Need to Know:Awaken soft, supple skin with this moisturizing cream. It visibly reduces the appearance of pores and fine lines after four weeks. Sensitive-skin friendly. Ideal for all skin types. Dermatologist-tested. Non-comedogenic. Refill helps reduce plastic waste by up to 81 percent compared with a regular product..Clinical Results:In a test with 22 females, ages 38 to 59:
Ingredients: -Purified and Micronized Hyaluronic Acid: Delivers, attracts, and retains moisture..-Ginseng Root Extract: Offers energizing and soothing properties...Water(Aqua/Eau),Dimethicone,Butylene Glycol,Alcohol Denat.,Betaine,Glycerin,Isohexadecane,Hydrogenated Polydecene,Ppg-3 Dipivalate,Silica,Behenyl Alcohol,Stearyl Alcohol,Myristyl Myristate,Glyceryl Stearate Se,Polysorbate 60,Peg-100 Stearate,Peg/Ppg-14/7 Dimethyl Ether,Peg/Ppg-17/4 Dimethyl Ether,Phenoxyethanol,Dimethylacrylamide/Sodium Acryloyldimethyltaurate Crosspolymer,Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891),Sorbitan Tristearate,Erythritol,Fragrance (Parfum),Alcohol,Aminopropyl Dimethicone,2-O-Ethyl Ascorbic Acid,Carbomer,Trisodium Edta,Xanthan Gum,Caffeine,Potassium Hydroxide,Isostearic Acid,Sodium Metaphosphate,Phytosteryl/Octyldodecyl Lauroyl Glutamate,Aluminum Hydroxide,Linalool,Tocopherol,Sodium Metabisulfite,Limonene,Citrus Unshiu Peel Extract,Sodium Hyaluronate,Angelica Keiskei Leaf/Stem Extract,Ziziphus Jujuba Fruit Extract,Panax Ginseng Root Extract,Sodium Acetylated Hyaluronate,Scutellaria Baicalensis Root Extract,Iron Oxides (Ci 77491),Alpinia Speciosa Leaf Extract,Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract (Rosmarinus Officinalis Leaf Extract),Sanguisorba Officinalis Root Extract,Pyrola Incarnata Extract.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Use the spatula to scoop two pearl-size amounts..-Then dot the cream on the five points of your face: forehead, nose, chin, and both cheeks. .-Gently smooth the cream outward over your face. .-Apply an additional pearl-size amount on your neck..-Sweep the cream upward from throat to jawline..-Use twice daily: morning and night as the last step in your skincare routine...For refill: .-Hold the jar with one hand and place your fingers on the protrusions on the mouth of the cap..-Lift out the pod. .-Set the new refill in place. .-Firmly push into the jar. .-Peel off the inner sticker..-Firmly close the cap.
Rating: 4.5 stars
Number of Reviews: 476
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/shiseido-essential-energy-hydrating-cream-P481162?skuId=2534816&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2534816-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.7 oz/ 50 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2534816-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465