Product ID: 1003
Product Name: Forever In Love Eau de Parfum
Brand: LoveShackFancy
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $175.0
About: Fragrance Family: Florals..Scent Type: Fruity Florals..Key Notes: Green Pear, Gardenia, Cedarwood..Fragrance Description: This swoon-worthy fruity-floral fragrance with green pear and gardenia is like that first flutter, opening the heart and setting you on a new path, every petal of the gardenia flower is in full bloom, brightened by green pear and Italian mandarin, surrounded by jasmine, rose petals, and cedarwood...About the Bottle: An oversized bow, perfectly imperfect. The LoveShackFancy perfume bottle references founder Rebecca Hessel Cohenu2019s lifelong love of bows and ribbons with a sculptural bow top that appears tied and tightened by hand. The hot pink and green Blooming Heirloom print is a signature design chosen from over 2,000 in the LoveShackFancy print and lace library to decorate the blush pink-colored bottle, a softly curved antique-inspired vessel carved with scalloping on top and a ring of rope on the bottom. Once finished, its spray top is removable so the bottle can be upcycled as a bud vase...About the Fragrance: Itu2019s your first love. Pretty in pink. Letu2019s add a bow. Forever in Love is a vibrant floral with green pear and gardenia and hints of cedarwood. Unapologetically feminine and full of life, looking for the bright side and finding it, again and again. Created with love and a youthful, fresh energy by perfumer Honorine Blanc...
Ingredients: Alcohol Denat., Fragrance (Parfum), Water (Aqua/Eau), Citric Acid, Tetrahydroxypropyl Ethylenediamine, Benzyl Alcohol, Benzyl Benzoate, Isoeugenol, Limonene, Linalool...The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-The spirit of LoveShackFancy is apparent upon firstu2014and second and thirdu2014whiff. .-Apply on pulse points to wrists, neck, and behind the ears..-After applying, avoid rubbing or dabbing skin. .-This breaks down the fragrance, causing it to wear off more quickly.
Rating: 4.5 stars
Number of Reviews: 276
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/forever-in-love-eau-de-parfum-P507909?skuId=2708071&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2708071-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 2.5 oz / 75 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2708071-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465