Product ID: 845
Product Name: MEGA-C 30% Vitamin C Brightening Mask
Brand: Kate Somerville
Categories: Skincare, Masks, Face Masks
Price: $101.0
About: What it is:A creamy, power-packed, brightening face mask that visibly evens skin tone and diminishes dark spots..Skin Type:Normal, Dry, Combination, and Oily.Skincare Concerns:Dark Spots, Fine Lines and Wrinkles, and Dullness.Formulation:Mask.Highlighted Ingredients:- 30% Pure Vitamin C: Visibly brightens and evens skin tone, boosts firmness and elasticity, and reduces and fades hyperpigmentation..Ingredient Callouts:Free of parabens, formaldehydes, formaldehyde-releasing agents, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, sulfates SLS & SLES, triclocarban, triclosan, and contains less than one percent synthetic fragrance. It is also cruelty-free..What Else You Need to Know:This facial in a tube reveals brighter-, stronger-, more radiant-looking skin in as little as two uses. It is packed with a 30 percent dose of ascorbic acid, the most potent yet and stable form of vitamin C. This mask also helps to visibly lift and firm while sea buckthorn oil and ceramides soothe and nourish the skin barrier..Clinical Results:Based on an independent clinical study, after 2 uses:
Ingredients: -30% Pure Vitamin C: Visibly brightens and evens skin tone, boosts firmness and elasticity, and reduces and fades hyperpigmentation..-Age Repair Complex: Reduces the appearance of wrinkles and restores more youthful-looking skin..-Sea Buckthorn Oil and Ceramides: Visibly restore skinu2019s natural lipids for remarkably softer, smoother skin...Dimethicone, Ascorbic Acid, Polysilicone-11, Peg-10 Dimethicone, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Divinyldimethicone/Dimethicone/Phenylsilsesquioxane Crosspolymer, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil, Brassica Campestris (Rapeseed) Seed Oil, Bisabolol, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Oil, Niacinamide, Mentha Viridis (Spearmint) Leaf Oil, Pogostemon Cablin Oil, Zingiber Officinale (Ginger) Root Extract, Ceramide Np, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Ubiquinone, Astragalus Membranaceus Root Extract, Spilanthes Acmella Flower/Leaf/Stem Extract, Althaea Officinalis Root Extract, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Bran Extract, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract, Limonene.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Use AM or PM. .-Use one to two times per a week. .-Apply a thin, even layer on clean, dry skin. .-Allow the product to sit on skin for up to 20 minutes before washing off. .-Rinse with cool water to remove all product. .-Repeat cleanse if desired. .-Follow with your usual moisturizer. .-Be sure to use with SPF.
Rating: 4.7 stars
Number of Reviews: 291
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/kate-somerville-mega-c-tm-30-vitamin-c-brightening-mask-P506158?skuId=2643955&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2643955-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 2 oz / 60 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2643955-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465