Product ID: 1364
Product Name: Evercalm™ Overnight Recovery Balm
Brand: REN Clean Skincare
Categories: Skincare, Moisturizers, Night Creams
Price: $39.0
About: What it is: A regenerative skin-boosting overnight balm formulated with omegas and fatty acids proven to calm and soothe skin after eight hours*...Skin Type: Normal, Dry, Combination, and Oily..Skincare Concerns: Dryness, Redness, and Dullness..Formulation: Balm..Highlighted Ingredients:.1- Enzymatically activated oils of Olive, Almond, Borage and Linseed: Feeds the skin with ultra-nourishing lipids..2- Jojoba and Sunflower Oil Complex: Intensely moisturizes to strengthen the skin's protective barrier..3- Beta-Glucan: Calms and soothes to alleviate signs of irritation from dryness...Ingredient Callouts: This product is vegan, gluten-free, cruelty-free...What Else You Need to Know: Overnight Recovery Balm acts as a protective blanket on the skin, helping to nourish and moisturize with a lightweight and easily absorbed complex of oils. Soothing ingredients minimize signs of sensitivity and help reinforce the skin’s protective barrier...Clinical Results: In an independent evaluation of 91 men and women:.- 96% said skin felt significantly hydrated after 8 hours..- 92% said skin felt soothed and calmer after 8 hours..- 86% said skin barrier felt repaired and renewed overnight....
Ingredients: -Enzymatically Activated Olive, Almond, Borage and Linseed Oils: Feeds the skin with ultra-nourishing lipids. .-Jojoba and Sunflower Oil Complex: Intensely moisturizes to support the skin’s protective barrier. .-Beta-Glucan: Calms and soothes to alleviate signs of irritation from dryness...Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Glycerin, Aqua (Water), Almond/Borage/Linseed/Olive Acids/Glycerides, Polyglyceryl-6 Distearate, Jojoba Esters, Oryza Sativa Starch, Cetyl Alcohol, Glyceryl Stearate, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil Unsaponifiables, Glyceryl Caprylate, Polyglyceryl-3 Beeswax, Sodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Benzyl Alcohol, Parfum.(Fragrance), Hippophae Rhamnoides Oil, Tocopherol, Magnesium Carboxymethyl Beta-Glucan, Dehydroacetic Acid, Eclipta Prostrata Extract, Eclipta Prostrata Leaf Extract, Moringa Oleifera Seed Oil, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Rosmarinus Officinalis Leaf Extract, Citronellol, Geraniol, Limonene, Linalool...*100% Natural Fragrance...The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage: - With this formula some may experience trouble blending it into skin. If this issue occurs, REN Clean Skincare recommends mixing their SPF with a drop of foundation or moisturizer for a smoother blend on your face. - Apply a dime-size amount to face. - Massage into skin until completely absorbed. - Wear daily. - Best before makeup application. - If you experience trouble blending it into your skin, REN Clean Skincare recommends warming in hands and/or mixing a drop of their Perfect Canvas Clean Primer or Evercalm Global Protection Day Cream (both sold separately) with it prior to application. Tips: - Great to use on stubborn dry spots like elbows, knees, and lips. - Perfect solution for sunburnt skin.
Rating: 4.5 stars
Number of Reviews: 775
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/evercalm-overnight-recovery-balm-P436094?skuId=2139970&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2617538-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 0.5 oz / 15 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2617538-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465