Product ID: 1068
Product Name: The Body Builder Medium Hot Round Brush Hair Set
Brand: Mane
Categories: Gifts, Value & Gift Sets
Price: $129.0
About: What it is:A holiday bundle with everything you need to create a blowout look, without the blowout time..Hair Texture:Straight, Wavy, Curly, and Coily.Hair Type:Fine, Medium, and Thick.Hair Concerns:- Volumizing.What Else You Need to Know:Create the easiest bouncy hairstyles with this set. The one-temp-fits-all (355u00b0F) round brush creates volume at the roots, perfectly styled bangs, and loose waves. Its extended barrel has a nine-foot swivel cord to prevent tangling. It also has 60-minute auto shutoff and auto voltage for use around the world (an adapter may be needed). The mini detangling brush smooths knots and tangles without breakage, and the four alligator clips are a must for sectioning and precisely styling your hair..This Set Contains:- It's Giving Body Medium Hot Thermal Round Brush (38 millimeters)
Ingredients: 
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Start with fully dried hair and apply a heat protectant..-Brush your hair using the Mini Ready or Knot Detangling Paddle Hair Brush..-Section your hair using the alligator clips for easier and faster styling..-Tap the power button to turn your tool on. Youu2019ll hear a double beep (in about 40 to 50 seconds) when itu2019s fully warmed and ready for styling. Once youu2019re done, tap the power button again to turn your brush off..-For major root volume, position hair opposite of its natural falling direction and place the hot brush underneath sections of hair at the root. Hold for a few seconds before continuing down the lengths..-For perfectly styled curtain bangs, use the hot brush to grab each section at the root, then diagonally roll it away from your face..-For loose waves, use the hot brush to grab hair at the root and twist away from your face, so that the section is wrapped around the barrel once. Slowly twist as you pull the brush down vertically...Recycling Instructions:.-Replacing an old tool? Mane and Pact Collective will recycle it for free. Through this first-of-its-kind tool-recycling program, you can now donate tools in any condition to be properly processed, diverting excess waste from landfills. Head to heymane.com/recycle to learn more.
Rating: 4.8 stars
Number of Reviews: 57
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/mane-the-body-builder-medium-hot-round-brush-hair-set-P512914?skuId=2809994&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2809994-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 