Product ID: 512
Product Name: Facial Radiance Pads with Glycolic + Lactic Acids u2013 Exfoliating Pads with AHA
Brand: First Aid Beauty
Categories: Skincare, Treatments, Facial Peels
Price: $51.0
About: What it is:  A daily treatment pad with lactic and glycolic acids to safely and effectively exfoliate, tone, and brighten...Skin Type: Normal, Dry, and Combination..Skincare Concerns: Dullness and Uneven Texture, Dark Spots, and Pores..Formulation: Wipes..Highlighted Ingredients:.- Glycolic and Lactic Acids: Alpha hydroxy acids that exfoliate skin, helping it appear brighter and with improved texture..- Lemon Peel: A natural extract that helps brighten skin's appearance..- Indian Gooseberry: A natural extract that helps tone skin...Ingredient Callouts: This product is vegan, cruelty-free, and gluten-free...What Else You Need to Know: Exfoliate away dull skin to help reveal a radiant and naturally glowing complexion. With regular use, this gentle exfoliator for sensitive skin also helps refine look of pores and texture for smoother skin thatu2019s ready for flawless makeup application. Now compostable for daily use!..Research results: In a consumer perception study with 55 participants after 4 weeks:.90% agreed this product gently exfoliates and makes their skin look smoother.98% agreed these pads removed residual dirt and impurities after cleansing.90% agreed this product did not irritate or feel harsh on their skin.
Ingredients: -Glycolic and Lactic Acids (AHAs): Exfoliate skin for a brighter look and visibly improved texture..-Lemon Peel.-Cucumber Water..Aqua/Water/Eau, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Glycerin, Cucumis Sativus (Cucumber) Fruit Water, Lactic Acid, Glycolic Acid, Sodium Hydroxide, Phenoxyethanol, Chrysanthemum Parthenium (Feverfew) Extract, Polysorbate 20, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Citrus Medica Limonum (Lemon) Peel Extract, Citrus Nobilis (Mandarin Orange) Fruit Extract, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Potassium Sorbate, Phyllanthus Emblica Fruit Extract, Sodium Benzoate, Citric Acid, Hyaluronic Acid, Chlorphenesin, EDTA, Tetrasodium EDTA.
How to Use: Start with clean, dry skin Wipe pad across face, neck and du00e9colletu00e9 once or twice daily. Follow with moisturizer and SPF. Dispose in trash or compost after use. Avoid contact with eyes. If contact occurs, rinse well with water. If irritation persists, discontinue use and consult a physician. Keep out of reach of children. Anyone can use this product. A patch test is recommended for those with sensitive skin. Sunburn Alert: This product contains Glycolic and Lactic Acids that may increase your skinu2019s sensitivity to the sun and particularly the possibility of sunburn. Use sunscreen, wear protective clothing, and limit sun exposure while using this product and for a week afterwards....To Refill 60 Day Facial Radiance Jar :.1. Save your empty 60 Day Facial Radiance Pads jar after you have used all of the pads..2. Tear the seal of the 60 Day Facial Radiance Pads Refill and insert all of the new compostable Facial Radiance Pads into your empty 60-day jar. 3. Dispose of the refill pouch and keep glowing!.3. Dispose of the refill pouch and keep glowing! .*Versus Facial Radiance Pads 60 Day Packaging
Rating: 4.3 stars
Number of Reviews: 2704
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/facial-radiance-pads-P278317?skuId=2700987&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2700987-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 60 Pads / pack
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2700987-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465
 - Shade: 28 ct / container
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2706422-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465