Product ID: 839
Product Name: ExfoliKate Intensive Exfoliating Treatment
Brand: Kate Somerville
Categories: Skincare, Cleansers, Exfoliators
Price: $107.0
About: What it is: Kate Somerville's #1 best-selling facial treatment. Triple-action exfoliator smooths skin and improves the appearance of pores in just 2 minutes...Skin Type: Normal, Dry, Combination, and Oily..Skincare Concerns: Dullness and Uneven Skintone, Pores, and Fine Lines and Wrinkles..Formulation: Scrub..Highlighted Ingredients:.- Papaya, Pineapple, and Pumpkin Enzymes: Naturally enhance skin exfoliation without overdrying..- Lactic Acid, Salicylic Acid, and Silica: Lactic and salicylic acid provide chemical exfoliation while natural ingredient silica works to physically exfoliate dead skin cells from the surface..- Aloe Vera, Honey, and Vitamin E: Help smooth and soften skin...Ingredient Callouts: Free of sulfates SLS and SLES, parabens, formaldehydes, formaldehyde-releasing agents, phthalates, mineral oil, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, triclosan, and triclocarban, and contains less than one percent of synthetic fragrances. This product is cruelty-free...What Else You Need to Know: Three types of exfoliations (chemical, physical and enzymatic) and three treatments in one (mask, scrub and peel). ExfoliKate  Intensive Exfoliating Treatment reveals glowing skin in two minutes. This facial removes dead, dry skin to reveal healthy, radiant, younger-looking skin...Kate Somerville has partnered with Foster Nation to support foster youth as they age out of the system, providing professional training, workshops and mentorship, and fully funding 5+ cosmetology scholarships annually to support professional beauty career paths. For more information about Foster Nation, visit kateso.co/givingback...Clinical Results:.After just one use*:.- 94% showed highly significant improvement in skin texture..-97% showed highly significant improvement in the appearance of pores...After 4 weeks*:.-100% showed highly significant improvement in the appearance of crowu2019s feet, fine lines and wrinkles..*Results based on an independent clinical study.
Ingredients: -Papaya, Pineapple, and Pumpkin Enzymes: Naturally enhance skin exfoliation without overdrying..-Lactic Acid, Salicylic Acid, and Silica: Lactic and salicylic acid provide chemical exfoliation while natural ingredient silica works to physically exfoliate dead skin cells from the surface..-Aloe Vera, Honey, and Vitamin E: Help smooth and soften skin... Aqua/Water/Eau, Lactic Acid, Silica, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, Pectin, Cetearyl Alcohol, Carica Papaya (Papaya) Fruit, Ceteareth-20, Cetyl Alcohol, Phenoxyethanol, Dehydroxanthan Gum, Glyceryl Stearate, PEG-100 Stearate, Salicylic Acid, Lactobacillus/Pumpkin Ferment Extract, Alcohol Denat., Sorbic Acid, Cinnamal, Mel/Honey/Miel, Citrus Aurantium Bergamia (Bergamot) Fruit Oil, Eugenol, Potassium Sorbate, Limonene, Linalool, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Oil, Beta-Carotene, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice Powder, Bromelain, Papain, Retinyl Palmitate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Cinnamomum Cassia Leaf Oil, Acetic Acid, Pogostemon Cablin Oil, Pelargonium Graveolens Flower Oil, Aniba Rosaeodora (Rosewood) Wood Extract, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Oil, CI 75810 (Chlorophyllin-Copper Complex).
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Use once or twice a week AM or PM. .-Apply a thin, even layer to a clean, wet face, massaging in a circular motion for 30 seconds. .-Leave on for up to two minutes. .-Rinse and gently pat dry. .-This product may cause the skin to tingle and flush slightly for a short time.
Rating: 4.4 stars
Number of Reviews: 3207
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/exfolikate-intensive-exfoliating-treatment-P232915?skuId=1201748&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1201748-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 2 oz
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1201748-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465
 - Shade: 5 oz
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1201755-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465