Product ID: 672
Product Name: Un Jardin u00e0 Cythere Eau de Toilette Travel Spray
Brand: HERMu00c8S
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Rollerballs & Travel Size
Price: $58.5
About: Fragrance Family:Earthy & Woody.Scent Type:Citrus & Woods.Key Notes:Golden Grasses, Olive Wood, Pink Pistachio.Fragrance Description:This is a citrus and woody fragrance that combines enveloping notes of grasses with the strength of olive wood and the tenderness of fresh pistachio..About the Bottle:Designed by Fred Rawyler, the bottle is inspired by the lines of the horse-drawn-carriage lanterns of yesteryear. The luminous yellow glass echoes the sunny fragrance. On the box, artist Elias Kafouros sketches a colorful landscape of his homeland: golden grasses, green olive trees, fresh pink pistachios, and in the background, the blue of the sea..About the Fragrance:Created by Hermes' perfumer Christine Nagel, Un Jardin a Cythere Eau de Toilette is a surprising garden that is neither green nor floral, but... blond. It is the expression of an olfactory quest through Greece that leads to Kythira, a picturesque island that has inspired many artists.
Ingredients: Alcohol, Parfum  (Fragrance),  Aqua  (Water), Benzyl  Salicylate, Limonene,  Alpha-Isomethyl  Ionone,  Ethylhexyl  Salicylate,  Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Methyl  Anthranilate, Linalool, Coumarin, Citral, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl  Hydroxyhydrocinnamate,  Citronellol, Hydroxycitronellal, Geraniol, Benzyl Alcohol, Tris(Tetramethylhydroxypiperidinol) Citrate, Eugenol, Disodium Edta...This list is subject to change over time. Please refer to the information on your productu2019s packaging for the most up-to-date list of ingredients.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Fragrance is intensified by the warmth of your own body. Apply in the creases of your knees and elbows for a longer-lasting, stronger scent.&nbsp;.-After applying, avoid rubbing or dabbing skin. This breaks down the fragrance, causing it to wear off more quickly.&nbsp;.-If you prefer placing fragrance on your wrists, be sure to reapply after frequent handwashing, as this tends to rinse off the scent.&nbsp;.-Replace fragrance after 12 months. Expired perfumes more than a year old lose the integrity of the original scent... Eau de Toilette or Eau de Parfum?: .The difference lies in the volume of perfume oil. While EDT contains five to nine percent, EDP contains more, usually eight to 14 percent. EDPs, therefore, last longer and smell more intense.
Rating: 4.8 stars
Number of Reviews: 8
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/un-jardin-a-cythere-eau-de-toilette-travel-spray-P505678?skuId=2648418&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2648418-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 0.5 oz / 15 mL eau de toilette spray
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2648418-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465