Product ID: 1446
Product Name: Super-Soft, 100% Natural Facial Cotton
Brand: Shiseido
Categories: Skincare, Cleansers, Makeup Removers
Price: $22.0
About: What it is:A supply of 100 percent natural, super-soft cotton pads for gentle exfoliation, makeup removal, cleansing, and toning..Skin Type:Normal, Dry, Combination, and Oily.Skincare Concerns:Pores, Uneven Texture, and Oiliness.Highlighted Ingredients:- 100 Percent Cotton: Handpicked and woven with a special manufacturing method using only water..Ingredient Callouts:Free of parabens, formaldehydes, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, sulfates SLS & SLES, triclocarban, triclosan, and contains less than one percent synthetic fragrance..What Else You Need to Know:Each square contains a blend of 123,000 cotton fibers, woven into 28 layers with high moisture-absorbing and releasing properties for less wasted product. The facial cotton squares add a gentle exfoliation benefit to improve skin roughness and are specially crafted to maintain their shape so that fibers don't fluff or stick to the face.
Ingredients: -Cotton 100%: Is handpicked and then woven with a special manufacturing method using only water.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.To apply softener:.-Pour softener onto the cotton pad after cleansing..-Wrap the cotton around the inner middle finger, between the index and ring fingers..-Starting from the center of the face, use outward strokes to smooth softener across the forehead, from nose to cheeks, around your lips, upward from your chest to neck, and under your chin. . .To remove eye makeup:.-Pour makeup remover onto three cotton padsu2014one for each eye and a third for your eyelashes. .-Rest a cotton pad over each lid and hold it in place for a few seconds. .-Then gently wipe downward and off skin.   .-Place the remaining cotton pad onto the lashes of each eye. .-Hold it in place for a few seconds to break down the mascara..-Wipe from the base to the tip of your eyelashes, starting from outer to inner corner and back again. .-Repeat on your other eye. .-Follow with cleanser.
Rating: 4.8 stars
Number of Reviews: 2958
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/super-soft-100-natural-facial-cotton-P173726?skuId=101220&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s101220-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 165 sheets
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s101220-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465