Product ID: 445
Product Name: DEAR SKY Eau de Parfum
Brand: Ellis Brooklyn
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $161.0
About: Fragrance Family:Fresh.Scent Type:Fresh Florals.Key Notes:Honeydew Melon, White Peony, Ambrette.Fragrance Description:Radiant, confident, and beautiful, DEAR SKY evokes southwest skies and crystal prisms. Itu2019s an ode to the American West and the wild souls that light and blaze their own paths. A modern fruity floral, this fragrance sparkles with honeydew melon, strawberry leaf, white peony, and galbanum..About the Bottle:The iridescent bottle is inspired by the beautiful prismatic light at sunset in the American Southwest..About the Fragrance:Ellis Brooklynu2019s founder, Bee Shapiro, spent time in Texas these past few years and was inspired by the light and energy there to create DEAR SKY. She was also inspired by her bold, fearless, creative, and radiant daughter Sky..Clean
Ingredients: Alcohol Denat, Fragrance, Water, Citric Acid, Tetrahydroxypropyl Ethylenediamine, Alpha-Isomethyl-ionone, Benzyl Alcohol, Benzyl Benzoate, Benzyl Salicylate, Cinnamal, Cinnamyl Alcohol, Citral, Citronellol, Eugenol, Farnesol, Geraniol, Hydroxycitronellal, Isoeugenol, Limonene, Linalool...The list of ingredients is subject to change. Please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Fragrance is intensified by the warmth of your own body. Apply in the creases of your knees and elbows for a longer-lasting, stronger scent.&nbsp;.-After applying, avoid rubbing or dabbing skin. This breaks down the fragrance, causing it to wear off more quickly.&nbsp;.-If you prefer placing fragrance on your wrists, be sure to reapply after frequent handwashing, as this tends to rinse off the scent.&nbsp;.-Replace fragrance after 12 months. Expired perfumes more than a year old lose the integrity of the original scent...Eau de Toilette or Eau de Parfum?: .The difference lies in the volume of perfume oil. While EDT contains five to nine percent, EDP contains more, usually eight to 14 percent. EDPs, therefore, last longer and smell more intense...Recycling Instructions:.-Remove cap and rinse out glass before recycling.
Rating: 4.5 stars
Number of Reviews: 90
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/ellis-brooklyn-dear-sky-eau-de-parfum-P512356?skuId=2761625&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2761625-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.7 oz / 50 mL eau de parfum spray
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2761625-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465