Product ID: 529
Product Name: You Remind Me Eau de Parfum
Brand: FORVR Mood
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $107.0
About: Fragrance Family: Fresh..Scent Type: Fresh Florals..Key Notes: Apricot Skin, Orange Blossom, Sensual Musks..Fragrance Description: Wrap yourself in a fragrance so delicate that it feels like a second skin. Imagine the gentle touch of ripe apricot, the ethereal bloom of orange blossom, and the comforting warmth of musks, all blending into a scent that embodies pure, radiant freshness. This enchanting aroma lingers in the air, inviting those around you to draw closer, crafting an irresistible allure that leaves them yearning for the soft embrace of your presence. Its second skin finish creates a seamless connection, enhancing your natural essence while remaining subtly invitingu2014like a whisper that beckons others to discover more...About the Fragrance: Have we met before, or was it a past life? Are you a memory, or my destiny? After years of development with the best perfumers in the industry, the FORVR Mood Fine Fragrances are finally here. Discover four completely unique, unforgettable fragrances, from sweet and approachable, to in charge and unapologetic...About the Bottle: Self-care isnu2019t selfish. Itu2019s a love letter to yourself that you write every day, sealed with a spray of your perfume. Like a precious diamond, these four fine fragrances reflect every one of your facets, from flirty and feminine to bold and unapologetic. These fragrances are encased in a stunning bottle reminiscent of Jackieu2019s engagement ring, and inspired by the brilliance of diamonds and the allure of precious gems.
Ingredients: Alcohol Denat., Fragrance (Parfum), Water (Aqua/Eau), Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Ethylhexyl Salicylate Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Fragrance is intensified by the warmth of your own body. Apply in the creases of your knees and elbows for a longer-lasting, stronger scent.
Rating: 4.1 stars
Number of Reviews: 105
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/forvr-mood-you-remind-me-eau-de-parfum-P510766?skuId=2718708&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2718708-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.7 oz eau de parfum spray
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2718708-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465