Product ID: 327
Product Name: Eva Couples Vibrator 
Brand: Dame
Categories: Bath & Body, Wellness, Intimate Care
Price: $182.0
About: What it is:A hands-free clitoral vibrator that delivers consistent stimulation during penetration..Highlighted Features:- Medical-Grade Silicone.What Else You Need to Know:Eva is a hands-free clitoral vibrator that delivers consistent stimulation during penetration. With flexible wings that tuck snugly under your labia, Eva stays in place and out of the way so you can focus on your pleasure..Device Size:1.6 x 1.15 x 1..This Device Comes With:- Eva Vibrator
Ingredients: 
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.Using Eva:.-Please fully charge your Eva before use. .-Before pulling in your partner to play, try using Eva solo to see how it fits and works best for you. Keep in mind that Eva fits differently for different people..-Eva has one button to control power and intensitiesu2014hold to turn on and off and press to cycle intensities...How to Place Eva:.-Place Eva where it feels best..-Pull each labium (lip) over one wing at a time and adjust as necessary..-Donu2019t worryu2014it may take a few minutes and a couple of tries to get comfortable..-No dice? No worries. You can try shifting positions (e.g., lying back vs. sitting up, spreading your legs more) or asking your partner for a hand...Tips and Tricks:.-Eva plays well with others: toys, strap-ons, penises, etc..-A single finger can help hold Eva in place while switching positions..-Lube can make things more intense, but it also might make Evau2019s wings slippery..-For more pressure or security, try wearing panties over Eva (crotchless or otherwise) or wearing Eva under a harness...Charging Eva:.-Battery life (high intensity/steady mode): One hour..-Charge time: Four hours..-The LED indicator is located on Evau2019s front-facing side, near the button on top..-Eva will blink green while plugged in and will stay green when fully charged. On low battery, Eva will blink red. .-Evau2019s LED was designed to remain discreet while charging, so it may be a bit dim in a fully illuminated room. We suggest turning the lights off or cupping your hand over it to verify that itu2019s charging correctly...Travel Mode:.-Eva cannot be turned on accidentally while in Travel Mode. .-Hold the power button for 10 seconds to activate Travel Modeu2014the LED will blink for those 10 seconds and flash red at the end. .-To exit Travel Mode, place Eva in its charging base.. .Caring for Eva:.-Eva is waterproof. .-Clean Eva after every use using either soap and water or a water-based sex toy cleaner like Dameu2019s Hand &amp; Vibe Cleaner (sold separately). .-Do not use 100 percent alcohol-based solutions. .-Dry thoroughly. .-Store Eva separately from other toys and away from extreme heat or cold.. .Caution:.-Do not overextend or twist Evau2019s wings..-Do not use silicone-based lube with Eva..-Do not clean Eva with products containing petroleum or acetone..-Do not boil, bake, microwave, or run Eva through the dishwasher..-Do not submerge the charging base in water; itu2019s only water-resistant.
Rating: 4.4 stars
Number of Reviews: 132
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/dame-products-eva-couples-vibrator-P481069?skuId=2567592&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2567592-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: Quartz
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2567592-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465
 - Shade: Ice
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2605608-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465