Product ID: 394
Product Name: Alpha Beta Universal Daily Peel Pads
Brand: Dr. Dennis Gross Skincare
Categories: Skincare, Treatments, Facial Peels
Price: $124.0
About: What it is:A two-step AHA/BHA peel pad pre-dosed with five acids and 12 antioxidants to visibly smooth texture, shrink the look of pores, and reduce the look of fine line..Skin Type:Normal, Dry, Combination, and Oily.Skincare Concerns:Fine Lines and Wrinkles, Pores, and Uneven Texture.Formulation:Wipes.Highlighted Ingredients:- Glycolic Acid (AHA): Visibly reduces lines and wrinkles..Ingredient Callouts:This product is vegan, cruelty-free, and comes in recyclable packaging..What Else You Need to Know:Achieve professional-level results at home with this iconic two-step daily peel. Step 1 uses five acids to gently but effectively exfoliate and visibly smooth skin for immediate radiance. Step 2, fueled by 12 antioxidants for maximized anti-aging benefits and protection, stops acid activity and hydrates skin..Clinical Results:In a daily-use study of 28 participants using the Alpha Beta Universal Daily Peel:.Clean at SephoraClean at Sephora is a curation of brands committed to evolving the beauty industry. When you see our Clean seal, you can be sure this brand's products are formulated without certain ingredients that are potentially harmful to human health and the environment and also address ingredients clients are concerned about, including phthalates, formaldehyde or formaldehyde releasers, oxybenzone and octinoxate, hydroquinone, triclosan, coal tar, methylisothiazolinone and methylchloroisothiazolinone, insoluble plastic microbeads, and more. For the full list, check out the Ingredients tab.
Ingredients: -Glycolic Acid (AHA): Visibly reduces lines and wrinkles. .-Lactic Acid (AHA) and Malic Acid (AHA): Supports cell turnover and cell renewal and visibly evens skin tone. .-Resveratrol and Green Tea Extract: Extends skin cell lifespan and protects against free radicals.. .Step 1: .Water/Aqua/Eau, Alcohol Denat. (SD Alcohol 40-B), Glycolic Acid, Potassium Hydroxide, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Water, Salicylic Acid*, Polysorbate 20, Citric Acid, Lactic Acid, Malic Acid, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Achillea Millefolium Extract, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower Extract, Soy Isoflavones, Glycerin, Copper PCA, Zinc PCA, Lecithin, Alcohol, Polysorbate 80, Disodium EDTA, Fragrance (Parfum), Phenoxyethanol, Benzoic Acid, Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate (* - exfoliant)...Step 2: .Water/Aqua/Eau, Sodium Bicarbonate, Ascorbic Acid, Retinol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Resveratrol, Ubiquinone, Adenosine, Achillea Millefolium Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Soy Isoflavones, Phospholipids, Leuconostoc/Radish Root Ferment Filtrate, Copper PCA, Sodium PCA, Zinc PCA, Glycerin, Polysorbate 20, Octoxynol-9, Tetrasodium EDTA, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate....
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.- For optimal results, use daily AM or PM..- First time peel users may apply every other day until skin becomes acclimated..- After cleansing, massage Step 1 peel pad into face, neck, and decollete until pad is dry..- Wait 2 minutes. Repeat with Step 2 peel pad. Do not rinse..- To further enhance results, follow with a serum and moisturizer from Dr. Dennis Gross Skincare.
Rating: 4.4 stars
Number of Reviews: 1508
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/alpha-beta-universal-daily-peel-P377533?skuId=1499474&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1499474-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 30 Treatments + 5 Bonus
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1499474-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465