Product ID: 814
Product Name: Complete Pre-Wash Scalp & Hair Strengthening Treatment Oil
Brand: JVN
Categories: Hair, Hair Styling & Treatments, Hair Oil
Price: $43.5
About: What it is:A quick and easy pre-wash treatment oil powered by stimulating rosemary extract that clarifies and soothes the scalp while adding strength to strands..Hair Texture:Straight, Wavy, Curly, and Coily.Hair Type:Fine, Medium, and Thick.Hair Concerns:- Damage, Split Ends, and Breakage.Key Benefits:- Soothes scalp itching, flaking, and dryness.Highlighted Ingredients:- Rosemary Extract: Can aid scalp circulation, which supports hair follicles in the growth phase..Ingredient Callouts:Free of parabens, formaldehydes, formaldehyde-releasing agents, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, sulfates SLS & SLES, triclocarban, triclosan, and contains less than one percent synthetic fragrance. It is also vegan, gluten-free, cruelty-free, and comes in recyclable packaging..What Else You Need to Know:You asked, JVN listened. This new and improved formula offers the same scalp-balancing benefits you know and love, while keeping this silicone-free treatment oil's golden hue crystal clear on your shelf. Calm itching, flaking, and irritation while strengthening strands for healthier hair from root to tip..Fragrance Description:A cozy blend of amber and cashmere musk is brightened with a splash of lemon and mandarin...Clinical Results:*Based on a 21 day consumer study of 38 subjects, used once weekly:.Planet Aware
Ingredients: -Rosemary Extract: Can aid scalp circulation which supports hair follicles in the growth phase..-Turmeric Oil: A natural anti-inflammatory that helps reduce redness and irritation..-Hemisqualane: Improves hair health and strength right away and over time. Silicone alternative....Squalane, C13-15 Alkane*, Bisabolol, Curcuma Longa (Turmeric) Root Oil, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Oil, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Bran Extract, Ocimum Basilicum Hairy Root Culture Extract, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Melia Azadirachta Seed Oil, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Citrus Reticulata (Tangerine) Peel Oil, Jasminum Officinale (Jasmine) Oil, 1,2-Hexanediol, Fragrance/Parfum, Tocopherol, Limonene, Linalool *Sugarcane Derived Hemisqualane...The list of ingredients is subject to change. Please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Before washing hair, apply one to three droppers full directly to the scalp, adding more if needed. .-Gently massage into the scalp and leave on for 10 to 15 minutes. .-Use up to twice per week...JVN tip: .-Scalp still feel a little oily? Shampoo twice if needed. .. Recycling Instructions:.-Please refer to your local recycling center for guidance on how to recycle.                                                                                                                                                                                        -Glass bottle: 100% infinitely recyclable..-Dropper: Post-consumer recycled..-Outer packaging: FSC-certified with soy-based ink.
Rating: 4.8 stars
Number of Reviews: 235
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/jvn-complete-pre-wash-scalp-hair-strengthening-treatment-oil-P511982?skuId=2800159&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2800159-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.7 oz/ 50 ml
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2800159-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465