Product ID: 80
Product Name: Original Mineral Veil Talc-Free Loose Setting Powder SPF 25
Brand: bareMinerals
Categories: Makeup, Face, Setting Spray & Powder
Price: $48.0
About: What it is:.A weightless mineral setting powder that extends makeup wear while bluring and minimizing the appearance of fine lines and pores with no flashback...What it does:.In a range of shades and finishes, Mineral Veil Setting Powder is our cult favorite setting powder, versatile enough for all skintones and skin types. The light-as-a-feather, super smooth formulas blend onto skin without smudging the makeup youu2019re already wearing. Sheer and never cakey, Mineral Veil Setting Powder weightlessly blurs and minimizes the appearance of fine lines and pores, whether it is applied over makeup or onto beautifully bare skin...What it is formulated WITHOUT:.- Parabens.- Sulfates.- Phthalates..What else you need to know:.Original Mineral Veil Finishing Powder gives skin a translucent, soft finish. Make the most of your makeup with Mineral Veil, a see-through but spectacular finale for any kind of complexion. It minimizes the look of fine lines, absorbing oils, and softens your complexion for an airbrushed finish...Tinted Mineral Veil Finishing Powder delivers a warm tint finish. All the soft translucence of the original Mineral Veil finishing powder with a touch of warm tint. The finishing powder infuses your skin with softness and light while gently absorbing oil and minimizing the appearance of lines and pores. It goes on completely sheer and is versatile enough for all skintones...Illuminating Mineral Veil Finishing Powder gives your skin a blurring, brightening finish. Completely sheer and versatile enough for all skintones, this complexion illuminator provides a soft glow and keeps skin looking photo-ready. Light-reflecting pearls impart a radiant, ethereal softness...Hydrating Mineral Veil Finishing Powder leaves a cooling, brightening finish. This hydrating finishing powder brightens skin with a sheer, peachy-soft luminosity. The unique water and rice lipid encapsulated formula delivers an immediate brightening boost with a cool feeling. Clinically proven to improve skinu2019s ability to retain moisture, it also minimizes the appearance of fine lines, pores, and shine, and keeps your complexion looking fresh.*..This product is formulated without talc...*Based on an independent clinical study....
Ingredients: Zea Mays (Corn Starch), Corn Starch Modified, Zinc Stearate, Magnesium Stearate. May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499)......The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:..Swirl, Tap, Buff application:..Swirl a small amount of Mineral Veil Setting Powder in the lid until it all disappears into the brush...-Tap away excess...-Buff onto the skin in a circular motion...-Apply a quick sweep across the t-zone, around the cheeks or all over the faceu2014wherever you need Mineral Veil to gently lock makeup in place, absorb excess oil, and help keep you looking fresh.
Rating: 4.5 stars
Number of Reviews: 6142
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/mineral-veil-P61004?skuId=1073014&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1073014-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: Illuminating Mineral Veil
   Shade Description: completely sheer with luminous finish
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1073014-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465