Product ID: 427
Product Name: Special edition Airwrapu2122 multi-styler and dryer Complete Long Diffuse for Curly and Coily hair in Strawberry bronze and blush pink
Brand: Dyson
Categories: Hair, Tools, Hair Dryers
Price: $799.99
About: What it is:A special-edition Dyson Airwrapu2122 for curly and coily hair in strawberry bronze and blush pink..Hair Texture:Curly and Coily.Hair Type:Fine, Medium, and Thick.Hair Concerns:- Curl-Enhancing.Key Benefits:- Six versatile attachments engineered for styling curly and coily hair.What Else You Need to Know:This special edition Dyson Airwrapu2122 Complete Long Diffuse for curly and coily hair in Strawberry bronze and blush pink has a complimentary Detangling comb. The tool dries, curls, shapes, smooths, and hides flyaways with no heat damage. The tool includes a wide-tooth comb, a New Diffuser, and a New Large round volumizing brush to create a variety of styles with curly and coily hair..Features:- The Dyson Airwrapu2122 multi-styler harnesses an aerodynamic phenomenon called the Coanda effect..Key Controls:- Three precise airflow speeds to suit your styling preference..Includes:- Two-in-one Coanda smoothing dryer to dry, smooth and hide flyawaysu00b9
Ingredients: 
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.To Diffuse Curls: .-For best results, start with freshly washed hair. .-Add styling product for hold and scrunch ends of hair to define curl formation. .-Attach the Diffuser and set your Dyson Airwrapu2122 to medium speed, medium heat. .-Flip hair upside down. .-Place the ends of hair in the Diffuser and dry from ends to mid-sections, working in small sections towards the roots.u202f .-Set your Dyson Airwrapu2122 to medium speed, low heat. .-Apply cold air around the head to set curls.u202f ..To Lengthen Textured Hair: .-For best results, start with freshly washed hair. .-Add your favorite styling product.u202f .-Attach the Wide-tooth comb and set your Dyson Airwrapu2122 to high speed, high heat. .-Comb through hair, starting from the ends and working your way to the roots to create length, volume, and texture. .-Continue in small sections until dry.
Rating: N/A stars
Number of Reviews: 0
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/dyson-special-edition-airwrap-tm-multi-styler-dryer-complete-long-diffuse-for-curly-coily-hair-in-strawberry-bronze-blush-pink-P514021?skuId=2822609&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2822609-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 