Product ID: 1395
Product Name: Mini Dew Blush Trio Set
Brand: Saie
Categories: Gifts, Value & Gift Sets
Price: $43.0
About: What it is:u00a0A trio of ultra-blendable cream-gel blushes contains mini sizes of bestselling Dew Blush in three shades including a new limited edition shade.Highlighted Ingredients:u00a0- Elderberry Fruit Extract: Fights free-radical and environmental damage..- Licorice Root Extract: Brighten the overall appearance of skin..- Plant-Derived Glycerin: Powerful humectant known to increase skinu2019s natural moisture level...What Else You Need to Know: Saieu2019s creamy formula blends seamlessly for a flush of natural color thatu2019s never patchy or streaky. The chunky doe-foot makes targeted application easy and allows you to build shades to your desired level. Dew Blush is fragrance free, safe for sensitive skin, and dermatologist-tested...This Set Contains:.- 3 x 0.23 oz/ 7 mL Dew Blush in Baby (cool-toned baby pink), Chilly (cool-toned mauve), Flirty (limited-edition bright watermelon)..Clean & Planet Aware.Our ambitious curation of beauty made without controversial ingredients from brands dedicated to making meaningful environmental commitments,u00a0including sustainable ingredients and sourcing, packaging, corporate commitments, and consumer transparency.
Ingredients: -Elderberry Fruit Extract: Fights free-radical and environmental damage. .-Licorice Root Extract: Brighten the overall appearance of skin. .-Plant-Derived Glycerin: Powerful humectant known to increase skinu2019s natural moisture level...Isocetyl Stearoyl Stearate, Glycerin, Tribehenin, Sambucus Nigra (Elderberry) Fruit Extract, Mica, Glyceryl Stearate, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Silica, Morus Alba (White Mulberry) Root Extract, Symphytum Officinale (Comfrey) Leaf Extract, Oenothera Biennis (Evening Primrose) Root Extract. [+/- May Contain/ Peut Contenir: Titanium Dioxide Ci77891, Iron Oxides (Ci77492, Ci77491, Ci77499), Yellow 6 Lake, Red 7 Lake, Red 22 Lake, Ferric Ferrocyanide]...The list of ingredients is subject to change. Please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Use the chubby doe-foot to dab one to two dots of Dew Blush onto each cheek..-For deeper color, add more as desired..-Blend out with fingertips or brush onto apples of cheeks, cheekbones, or anywhere else you want a flush of color..-Dew Blush blends seamlessly over Saie Slip Tint (sold separately) or Saie Glowy Super Gel (sold separately)...Recycling Instructions:.-Dew Blush's vial is made of 40% post-consumer recycled plastic..-While Dew Blush's components are made of recyclable materials, individual components under two inches do not typically make it through the curbside recycling stream. Saie works with Pact Collective to make sure your hard-to-recycle items get recycled.
Rating: 4.7 stars
Number of Reviews: 30
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/saie-mini-dew-blush-trio-P513206?skuId=2802999&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2802999-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 