Product ID: 870
Product Name: Angels Share Eau de Parfum with Tonka Bean & Cinnamon
Brand: KILIAN Paris
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $357.5
About: Fragrance Family: Warm & Spicy..Scent Type: Warm & Sweet Gourmands..Key Notes: Cognac, Tonka Bean and Oak Wood..Fragrance Description: This fragrance features cognac essence, oak absolute, cinnamon essence, and tonka bean absolute, with distinct notes of sandalwood, praline, and vanilla creating a delicious finish...About the Bottle: The bottle of this Liquors perfume can be refilled indefinitely, because as Kilian himself says, True luxury should last forever. This bottle is designed as a speakeasy essential, reminiscent an art deco glass that pays homage to the quintessential accessory in enjoying a cognac - a crystal glass. The weighted glass is engraved with the iconic K motif, catching light from every angle. It is adorned with a golden, diamond-shaped plaque signed in white serigraphy. These details infuse Kilian Paris with a sense of luxury that is timeless...About the Fragrance: This fragrance is Kilian's most personal one yet. Kilian wanted to translate his olfactive memory of his family's oak barrels drenched in eau-de-vie into this unique fragrance. He used real cognac essence in the fragrance's composition to bring these memories to life.
Ingredients: Alcohol Denat., Fragrance (Parfum), WaterAquaEau, Coumarin, Limonene, Cinnamyl Alcohol, Cinnamal, Linalool, Eugenol, Benzyl Benzoate, BHT.  ..Please be aware that ingredient lists may change or vary from time to time. Please refer to the ingredient list on the product package you receive for the most up-to-date list of ingredients.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Fragrance is intensified by the warmth of your own body. Apply in the creases of your knees and elbows for a longer-lasting, stronger scent.&nbsp;.-After applying, avoid rubbing or dabbing skin. This breaks down the fragrance, causing it to wear off more quickly.&nbsp;.-If you prefer placing fragrance on your wrists, be sure to reapply after frequent hand-washing, as this tends to rinse off the scent.&nbsp;.-Replace fragrance after 12 months. Expired perfumes more than a year old lose the integrity of the original scent... Eau de Toilette or Eau de Parfum?: .The difference lies in the volume of perfume oil. While EDT contains five to nine percent, EDP contains more, usually eight to 14 percent. EDPs, therefore, last longer and smell more intense.
Rating: 4.4 stars
Number of Reviews: 942
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/kilian-angels-share-eau-de-parfum-P465332?skuId=2362838&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2362838-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.7 oz / 50 mL eau de parfum spray
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2362838-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465