Product ID: 461
Product Name: Golden Belly Stretch Mark Serum
Brand: Evereden
Categories: Bath & Body, Body Care, Bath & Body for Mom & Baby
Price: $52.5
About: What it is: A targeted body oil that‘s clinically shown to visibly smooth, firm, and brighten skin while reducing the appearance of stretch marks.. Skin Type: Normal, Dry, Combination, and Oily. Skincare Concerns: Dullness, Uneven Texture, and Loss of Firmness and Elasticity. Formulation: Oil. Highlighted Ingredients: - Centella Asiatica: Visibly brightens skin while fighting the appearance of stretch marks. - Marula Oil: Nourishes skin. - Passionfruit Seed Oil: Supports skin. Ingredient Callouts: This product is vegan and gluten-free. What Else You Need to Know: This quick-absorbing serum-in-oil supports stressed skin during pregnancy, postpartum, and beyond. It is clinically shown to reduce the look of stretch marks by 62 percent in as little as eight weeks while nourishing and visibly brightening skin for an all-over glow. It is suitable for sensitive skin and to use while pregnant or breastfeeding. Clinical Results: Based on an 8-week clinical test with 30 volunteers, women aged 27-44 years old with the supervision of a dermatologist: - Clinically shown to reduce the appearance of stretch marks by 62% in 8 weeks - 95% of women saw clinical improvement in the size of stretch marks in just 8 weeks. Based on a 4-week clinical test with 30 volunteers, women aged 27-44 years old with the supervision of a dermatologist: - 82% of women saw a clinically measured, visible improvement in skin firmness, smoothness, and brightness in just 4 weeks. CLEAN at Sephora is our commitment to offering formulas that go beyond regulatory standards to avoid controversial ingredients without sacrificing on effectiveness.
Ingredients: -Centella Asiatica: Visibly brightens skin while fighting the appearance of stretch marks..-Marula Oil: Nourishes skin..-Passionfruit Seed Oil: Supports skin. ..Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Rosa Canina Seed (Rosehip) Oil, Coco-Caprylate, Isosorbide Dicaprylate, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Sclerocarya Birrea (Marula) Seed Oil, Fragrance (Parfum)**, Brassica Campestris (Rapeseed) Seed Oil, Avena Sativa (Oat) Kernel Extract, Passiflora Edulis Seed Oil, Opuntia Ficus-Indica Flower Extract, Camelina Sativa Seed Oil, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Centella Asiatica Extract, Tocopherol, Tocopheryl Acetate. **100% Natural Fragrance......The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Apply one full dropper to the palm of hand to warm and activate. .-Massage onto belly, hips, thighs, and breasts, or anywhere stretch marks appear, using light, circular motions. .-Use morning and night for best results. .-Safe for daily use during pregnancy and postpartum. .-For further stretch mark targeting, apply after Nourishing Stretch Mark Cream (sold separately).
Rating: 4.5 stars
Number of Reviews: 217
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/evereden-golden-belly-serum-P481977?skuId=2564813&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2564813-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.7 oz/ 50 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2564813-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465