Product ID: 1177
Product Name: The Body Wash Olibanum - Radiance Treatment Cleanse With Vitamin C + Enzymes
Brand: Nu00e9cessaire
Categories: Bath & Body, Bath & Shower, Body Wash & Shower Gel
Price: $34.0
About: What it is:A daily body cleanser with vitamin C, enzymes, and niacinamide for visibly radiant skin and with a sweet olibanum scent..Highlighted Ingredients:- Vitamin C: Tetrahexyldecyl ascorbate visibly fades spots and reverses dullness..What Else You Need to Know:Vitamin C visibly fades spots and reverses dullness. Enzymes promotes visibly radiant skin. Niacinamide supports skinu2019s protective barrier. Pure olibanum Oil is paired with fine fragrance notes of vanilla, fig leaf, and cassis buds. There are no SLS/SLES, itu2019s dermatologist-tested, hypoallergenic, and non-comedogenic..Clean & Planet AwareOur ambitious curation of beauty made without controversial ingredients from brands dedicated to making meaningful environmental commitments,u00a0including sustainable ingredients and sourcing, packaging, corporate commitments, and consumer transparency.
Ingredients: -Multi-Enzyme: Bromelain, papain, and superoxide dismutase support radiant skin..-Vitamin C: Tetrahexyldecyl ascorbate visibly improves dullness and clarity..-Pure Olibanum Oil: A pure essential oil to improve the look of skin tone....Aqua/Water/Eau, Sodium Laurylglucosides Hydroxypropylsulfonate, Coco-Glucoside, Disodium Cocoamphodiacetate, Glycerin, Sodium Methyl Cocoyl Taurate, Sodium Chloride, Niacinamide, Papain, Bromelain, Superoxide Dismutase, Tocopherol, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Illite, Glucose, Maltodextrin, Citric Acid, Caprylyl Glycol, Boswellia Carterii Oil, Fragrance (Parfum), Chlorphenesin, Phenoxyethanol, Acrylates Crosspolymer-4, Hydroxycitronellal, Tetramethyl Acetyloctahydronaphthalenes....The list of ingredients is subject to change. Please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Use as your daily cleanser on wash day.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      -Apply all over the body. .-Massage to create a rich foam. .-Rinse well.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        -This product pairs well with Nu00e9cessaire Olibanum Body Lotion for a treatment experience (sold separately). ..Recycling Instructions:.-Nu00e9cessaire has partnered with How2Recycle to provide third-party verified recycling claims. -The bottle is made from 100% bio-resin. The bottle is recyclable. The carton and insert are made with FSC-Certified, PCR Kraft Board. Bottle and carton can be recycled via US | Canada Curbside. .-Nu00e9cessaire is a Certified B Corp, Certified Climate Neutral, Certified Plastic Neutral and a 1% For The Planet Member donating 1% of all sales to environmental non-profits fighting to defend our air, land, water and wild-life world wide. When you shop Nu00e9cessaire, the full carbon and plastic footprint has been offset by the brand.
Rating: 4.8 stars
Number of Reviews: 220
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/necessaire-the-body-wash-olibanum-radiance-treatment-cleanse-with-vitamin-c-enzymes-P511303?skuId=2768893&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2768893-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 8.4 oz
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2768893-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465