Product ID: 172
Product Name: Mini Hairdresser's Invisible Oil Heat Protectant Leave In Conditioner Primer
Brand: Bumble and bumble
Categories: Mini Size, Hair
Price: $22.0
About: What it is: A primer that starts your styling routine by instantly cutting frizz by 50 percent all day versus untreated hair (even in extreme humidity)...Hair Type: Fine, Medium, and Thick..Hair Texture: Straight, Wavy, and Curly..Hair Concerns:- Frizz.- UV Protection - Heat Protection..Highlighted Ingredients:- Signature 6-Oil Blend: Provides conditioning, moisture, nourishment, softening, and smoothing..- UV Filters: Protects from the drying effects of the sun...Ingredient Callouts: Free of parabens, formaldehydes, phthalates, mineral oil, and sulfates SLS & SLES. It is also cruelty-free...What Else You Need to Know: Meet Bumble and bumble’s number-one bestseller. This multitasking leave-in provides heat protection up to 450°F/232°C, has UV filters to protect hair against the drying effects of the sun, protects color from fading for up to 16 washes, detangles to protect against breakage, smooths, softens, and adds shine...Fragrance Description: This is a luxe yet light scent of fruit and tropical florals, anchored with rich musk and woodsy notes...Clinical Results: In a frizz study, Hairdresser’s Invisible Oil Heat & UV Protective Primer was found to provide:.- 55% reduction in frizz instantly.- 51% reduction in frizz at the 8-hour time point.- Provides frizz reduction even in extreme humidity..In a consumer study on 180 women after one use of Hairdresser's Invisible Oil Heat & UV Protective Primer:.- 98% say hair feels hydrated.- 96% say hair looks healthier.- 95% say hair's easier to style...This product is an Allure Best of Beauty award winner.
Ingredients: -Signature 6-Oil Blend: Provides conditioning, moisture, nourishment, softening, and smoothing. .-UV Filters: Protects from the drying effects of the sun. ..Water\Aqua\Eau, Cetearyl Alcohol, Butylene Glycol, PEG-12 Glyceryl Dimyristate, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Oil, Macadamia Integrifolia Seed Oil, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Gardenia Taitensis Flower Extract, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil, Hydroxypropyltrimonium Hydrolyzed Corn Starch, Hydrolyzed Vegetable Protein PG-Propyl Silanetriol, Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein PG-Propyl Silanetriol, Dimethicone, Glycerin, Sodium Hyaluronate, Behentrimonium Methosulfate, Distearyldimonium Chloride, Dimethiconol, Cetrimonium Chloride, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Sodium Chloride, Citric Acid, BHT, Fragrance (Parfum), Hexyl Cinnamal, Linalool, Limonene, Potassium Sorbate, Phenoxyethanol. The Signature 6-Oil Blend Includes: Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Argania Spinosa Kernel (Argan) Oil, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil, Macadamia Integrifolia Seed (Macadamia) Oil, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Oil, and Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil...Please be aware that ingredient lists may change or vary from time to time. Please refer to the ingredient list on the product package you receive for the most up to date list of ingredients.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-On day one, apply to damp hair, rake through, and style. .-On day two (and so on), apply to dry hair to refresh and restyle...Pro tips:.-Mist from mid-lengths to ends, working through your hair by squeezing it in. Air-dry for natural styles or blow-dry with a round or flat brush for smooth, straight styles. .-Some areas of the hair may be more (or less) porous than others. Take some time massaging into hair after spraying to help absorb evenly..-When detangling, try using a wide tooth comb. It’s a great way to help prevent breakage.
Rating: 4.6 stars
Number of Reviews: 3408
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/hairdresser-s-invisible-oil-primer-mini-P426163?skuId=1638386&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1638386-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 2 oz/ 60 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s1638386-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465