Product ID: 1776
Product Name: Coconut Sun Eau de Parfum
Brand: The 7 Virtues
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $127.0
About: Fragrance Family:Fresh.Scent Type:Fresh Solar.Key Notes:Coconut, Frangipani, Vanilla.Fragrance Description:This irresistibly delicious perfume is a dreamy holiday in a bottle with enticing notes of coconut water, frangipani, fresh citrus, crisp sea salt, and gourmand vanilla.  Infused with sustainably sourced jasmine from Egypt and upcycled rose, it supports the building of a water project in Ethiopia..About the Bottle:The 7 Virtues was established in 2010 by activist and wellness author, Barb Stegemann. After her best friend was wounded serving in the army, she promised him in the hospital that she would take on his mission of peace. u2018MAKE PERFUME NOT WARu2019 is the mantra at The 7 Virtues, and it is molded into their caps as a reminder. The perfumes are made with natural, fair-trade essential oils, supporting families in nations rebuilding after war or strife..About the Fragrance:This wellness perfume has aromatherapy benefits: good for letting go, protecting your joy, and feeling present. This hypoallergenic wellness scent is infused with organic sugarcane alcohol and made 22 percent fragrance oils for a longer-lasting scent. Layer with other The 7 Virtue perfumes to create your own trademark scent. Use the power of olfactory memory to set your intentions in your daily wellness practice. All of The 7 Virtues perfumes are made without phthalates, parabens, sulfates, UV inhibitors, or formaldehyde.
Ingredients: ALCOHOL DENAT, FRAGRANCE/ PARFUM, WATER/EAU/AQUA, BENZYL SALICYLATE, LIMONENE, COUMARIN, LINALOOL, BENZYL BENZOATE, CINNAMYL ALCOHOL, CITRAL, BENZYL ALCOHOL, GERANIOL, FARNESOL, CITRONELLOL, EUGENOL
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Fragrance is intensified by the warmth of your own body. Apply in the creases of your knees and elbows for a longer-lasting, stronger scent.&nbsp;.-After applying, avoid rubbing or dabbing skin. This breaks down the fragrance, causing it to wear off more quickly.&nbsp;.-If you prefer placing fragrance on your wrists, be sure to reapply after frequent hand-washing, as this tends to rinse off the scent.&nbsp;.-Replace fragrance after 12 months. Expired perfumes more than a year old lose the integrity of the original scent... Eau de Toilette or Eau de Parfum?: .The difference lies in the volume of perfume oil. While EDT contains five to nine percent, EDP contains more, usually eight to 14 percent. EDPs, therefore, last longer and smell more intense...Recycling Instructions: The box is recyclable and earned the FSC certification. FSC paper is made from responsibly sourced wood fiber. FSC is an important standard required by The 7 Virtues in all box packaging. The 10 mL on-the-go travel spray is recyclable, simply screw off the top when you are finished and recycle the glass.
Rating: 4.4 stars
Number of Reviews: 440
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/coconut-sun-eau-de-parfum-P504855?skuId=2651875&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2651875-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1.7 oz / 50 mL eau de parfum spray
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2651875-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465