Product ID: 1770
Product Name: Vanilla Woods Eau de Parfum Travel Spray
Brand: The 7 Virtues
Categories: Fragrance, Women, Perfume
Price: $43.5
About: Fragrance Family: Warm & Spicy..Scent Type: Warm & Sweet Gourmands..Key Notes: Pear, Rose, Vanilla..Fragrance Description: Vanilla Woods is intoxicating with a dash of fresh pear, a big rose heart note, and the benefits of a long-lasting dry down of organic Madagascar vanilla and gourmand caramel infused with warm amber. The sustainably sourced vanilla alleviates stress with aromatherapy benefits...About the Fragrance: This hypoallergenic and cruelty-free perfume is infused with sugar cane alcohol. It is Peta-Bunny- and Leaping-Bunny-certified cruelty-free and vegan. Made without phthalates, parabens, sulfates, formaldehyde, or UV inhibitors. Normally an Eau de Parfum contains 10-15% fragrances oils. Vanilla Woods contains 22% fragrances oils including organic, sustainably sourced vanilla from Madagascar...This perfume helps provide education and health care. The vanilla is sourced from a sustainable cooperative that provides families with fair wages. Layer with any 7 Virtues peace perfume to create your own harmony. Good for the world. Good for your soul...About the Bottle: Vanilla Woods is nearly clear in color upon purchase; however over time its color may evolve into a golden caramel, ranging from a golden orange to a more caramel brown because it contains natural ingredients..CLEAN at Sephora is our commitment to offering formulas that go beyond regulatory standards to avoid controversial ingredients without sacrificing on effectiveness.
Ingredients: ALCOHOL DENAT, FRAGRANCE/ PARFUM, WATER/EAU/AQUA
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.- The 7 Virtues peace perfumes were designed to layer with one another to create your own unique signature peace perfume..- Apply liberally to your pulse points, as fragrance intensifies with your bodyu2019s warmth.  .- For a longer lasting natural scent layer with our Perfume Oil. .- Allow these scents to blend with your natural pheromones and get ready for endless compliments.  .- After applying avoid rubbing your wrists together as this breaks down the fragrance causing it to wear off more quickly.  .- If you wear our perfumes on your wrists, be sure to reapply after frequent hand washing as this can rinse the scent off.  .- Because this perfume contains organic sugar cane alcohol, it also acts as a sanitizer, keeping your skin fresh and clean...Recycling Instructions: .All box packaging is made from FSC certified sustainably managed forests and is recyclable.
Rating: -1 stars
Number of Reviews: 1597
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/vanilla-woods-eau-de-parfum-travel-spray-P502250?skuId=2591246&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2591246-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 0.34 oz / 10 mL
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2591246-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465