Product ID: 1173
Product Name: The Scalp Serum -  5% Capixyl For Thicker, Fuller, Healthier Hair
Brand: Necessaire
Categories: Hair, Hair Styling & Treatments, Scalp Treatments
Price: $60.0
About: What it is: A daily scalp serum with five percent Capixyl and one percent hyaluronic acid for thicker-, fuller-, healthier-looking hair. No residue. Quick-dry. For all hair types. Dermatologist tested...Hair Type: Straight, Wavy, Curly, and Coily..Hair Texture: Fine, Medium, and Thick..Hair Concerns:- Dryness.- Thinning.- Flaky, Dry Scalp..Key Benefits: - Supports thicker, fuller, healither-looking hair.- Helps hydrate the scalp..- Quick-dry, water-light, nonsticky, nongreasy, and no residue...Highlighted Ingredients:- 5% Capixyl: Supports thicker-, fuller-, healthier-looking hair..- 1% Hyaluronic Acid (7 Molecular Weights): Provides multi-level hydration for a dry scalp..- Vitamin B3, Vitamin B5, and ApiScalp: Strengthen the scalp's protective barrier...Ingredient Callouts: Free of parabens, formaldehydes, formaldehyde-releasing agents, phthalates, mineral oil, retinyl palmitate, oxybenzone, coal tar, hydroquinone, sulfates SLS & SLES, triclocarban, triclosan, and contains less than one percent synthetic fragrance. It is also gluten-free, cruelty-free, and comes in recyclable packaging...What Else You Need to Know: This daily quick-dry, water-light serum is infused with 5% Capixyl- clinically-proven to support thicker, fuller, healthier hair. 1% Hyaluronic Acid provides multi-level hydration for a dry,  while Vitamins B3/B5 and ApiScalp strengthen the scalp's protective barrier. Apply to dry or damp scalp once daily for results. Quick-dry. No residue. Dermatologist-Tested. Hypoallergenic. Non-Comedogenic. Fragrance-Free. Formula was awarded the Seal Of Acceptance by the National Eczema Association. 30 ml equates to a 1-month supply...Fragrance Description: Fragrance-free..Clean & Planet AwareOur ambitious curation of beauty made without controversial ingredients from brands dedicated to making meaningful environmental commitments, including sustainable ingredients and sourcing, packaging, corporate commitments, and consumer transparency.
Ingredients: -5% Capixyl: Supports thicker-, fuller-, healthier-looking hair..-1% Hyaluronic Acid (7 Molecular Weights):&nbsp;Provides multi-level hydration for a dry scalp..-Vitamin B3, Vitamin B5, and ApiScalp: Strengthen the scalp's protective barrier....Aqua/Water/Eau, Butylene Glycol, Propanediol, Acetyl Tetrapeptide-3, Sodium Hyaluronate, Niacinamide, Panthenol, Trifolium Pratense (Clover) Flower Extract, Apium Graveolens (Celery) Seed Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Biotinoyl Tripeptide-1, Nicotiana Benthamiana Hexapeptide-40 sh-Polypeptide-86, Nicotiana Benthamiana Hexapeptide-40 sh-Polypeptide-9,Nicotiana Benthamiana Octapeptide-30 sh-Oligopeptide-2, Sodium Tocopheryl Phosphate, Dextran, 1,2-Hexanediol, Caprylhydroxamic Acid, Citric Acid, Glycerin....The list of ingredients is subject to change, please consult the packaging of the product purchased.
How to Use: Suggested Usage:.-Use once daily on dry or damp hair..-Squeeze the bulb to fill pipetteu2014pipette will be approximately half full..-Apply to areas of concern..-Massage in with fingertips..-Do not rinse..-Style as usual..-Daily, consistent use is required for results..-The Scalp Serum 30 milliliters is a one-month supply....&nbsp;Recycling Instructions:.-Necessaire has partnered with How2Recycle to provide third-party-verified recycling claims. -The bottle is 100 percent glass..-The dropper is mixed material..-The bottle can be recycled with glass via US or Canada Curbside..-The carton and insert are made with FSC-Certified, PCR Kraft Board. They can be recycled with paper via US or Canada Curbside..-Necessaire is a Certified B Corp, Certified Climate Neutral, Certified Plastic Neutral, Certified FSC, a How2Reycycle Partner, and a 1% For The Planet Member donating one percent of all sales to environmental no-profits fighting to defend our air, land, water, and wildlife worldwide..-When you shop Necessaire, the full carbon and plastic footprint has been offset by the brand.
Rating: 4.5 stars
Number of Reviews: 682
Product URL: https://www.sephora.com/ca/en/product/necessaire-the-scalp-serum-daily-treatment-with-5-capixyl-1-hyaluronic-acid-for-hair-growth-support-P503143?skuId=2759488&icid2=products
Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2759488-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465

Shades: 
 - Shade: 1 oz / 30 ml
   Shade Description: 
   Shade Image URL: https://www.sephora.com/productimages/sku/s2759488-main-zoom.jpg?imwidth=465